To provide a polypeptide having ceramidase activity, and a gene encoding      thereof useful as an reagent for lipid engineering and as indices for      diagnosis of atopic dermatitis, an easy method for detecting the      polypeptide and method for detecting the gene as well as a method for      detecting atopic dermatitis. A polypeptide having an amino acid sequence      as shown in SEQ ID NO: 1 in Sequence Listing, or a polypeptide having an      amino acid sequence which has substitution, deletion, addition or      insertion of one or more amino acids in the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID      NO: 1 and having ceramidase activity; a gene encoding the polypeptide; a      gene capable of hybridizing with the above genes under stringent      conditions, and encoding a polypeptide having ceramidase activity; an      oligonucleotide probe or primer, which is capable of hybridizing under      stringent conditions with the above genes or with a gene having a      nucleotide sequence complementary thereto; a method for detecting a gene      encoding a polypeptide having ceramidase activity, by using the      oligonucleotide probe and/or primer; an antibody or a fragment thereof,      which is capable of specifically binding to the polypeptide; a method for      detecting a polypeptide having ceramidase activity, by using the above      antibody or fragment thereof; a method for detecting atopic dermatitis, by      the methods. 
A new and distinct variety of peach, Prunus persica, tree having the      following unique combination of desirable features:     1. Producing a very firm fruit that can best be described as crunchy when      bitten into when firm ripe.     2. The limbs of the tree naturally grow at wide angles creating a      wide-spreading tree.     3. A substantially spherical fruit with yellow flesh having light red      around the pit.     4. A mid-season peach variety that matures after `Redhaven` (unpatented)      and which hangs on the tree for many days staying extremely firm.     5. A peach variety that has excellent storage and shelf life. 

A three-dimensional measuring method comprising the following steps of:      carrying out plural-time measurements with respect to a point on an object      along the same line of vision using a three-dimensional measuring device;      acquiring distance information on a distance between the point on the      object and the three-dimensional measuring device for each measurement;      determining a difference of the distance information of each point; making      a decision such that the measurement is successful when the difference is      smaller than a predetermined value; and making a decision such that the      measurement is unsuccessful when the difference is larger than the      predetermined value. 
In order to solve a subject that a polycrystalline silicon TFT liquid      crystal display apparatus of the driving circuit integration type cannot      adopt a technique for reducing the power consumption by an output section,      according to the present invention, for example, a sampling latch circuit      which composes a horizontal driving circuit (data line driving circuit) of      an active matrix type display apparatus is configured such that, when a      1-bit mode (2-gradation mode) is set, a control signal A of the H level      and another control signal B of the L level (low level) are outputted      from a 1-bit mode control circuit (16) to place only AND circuits (31-2      and 32-2) corresponding to the most significant bit (MSB) into a passage      permitting state to place only latch circuits (35-2 and 36-2) of the MSB      into a data writing permitting state (active state) while the remaining      latch circuits (35-0, 35-1, 36-0 and 36-1) are placed into a data writing      inhibiting state (inactive state). 
A light beam display employing interlaced light beam scanning comprising a      display screen having a vertical and a horizontal dimension, a source of a      plurality of light beams and an optical path including a movable reflector      having a plurality of reflective facets between the display screen and the      light beam source. The movable reflector directs the plural light beams to      the display screen via one or more facets of the movable reflector to      simultaneously illuminate plural different scan lines of the display which      are spaced apart by plural non-illuminated scan lines. An optical      mechanical element is provided for vertically shifting the light beams so      as to illuminate different scan lines of the display screen. 
A virtual reality viewing system and method senses the motions of a viewer      providing a sequence of viewing perspectives and creates a real time image      to the viewer based upon a probable viewing image. The system and method      accounts for latency between the movement of the viewer and generation of      the viewed image by generating a spline based upon measured velocities of      the viewer s head and creates a look-ahead velocity based upon the spline      and a dampening factor. Then an image is generated based upon the      look-ahead velocities and displayed to the viewer. The dampening factor      smoothes the look-ahead velocities by adding latency back into the      look-ahead velocities to account for sudden movements of the viewer. 
An antenna for the communication terminal having a printed conductor      pattern applied to a support, wherein the printed conductor pattern      includes a first printed conductor pattern section, the end of which is      capacitively loaded by a second printed conductor pattern section for      tuning the antenna to a desired radio channel. 
A high-performance and compact antenna apparatus is provided which is      capable of obtaining a high antenna gain, less susceptible to wind and the      like, and advantageously useful as mounted on vehicles or the like. The      antenna apparatus includes: a transmitting antenna section 2 having at      least one planar antenna element for transmitting a radio wave to a      satellite; a receiving antenna section 3 having at least one planar      antenna element for receiving a radio wave from the satellite, the      transmitting antenna section 2 and the receiving antenna section 3 being      positioned to orient to a predetermined satellite and arranged stepwise      with a predetermined spacing therebetween. 
An antenna having a dual-band driven element and a second antenna element      simultaneously produces a directional radiation pattern at an upper      frequency and an omnidirectional radiation pattern at a lower frequency.      The dual-band driven element is formed as a dipole or monopole with at      least one choke connected to the end of the dipole or monopole. In an      exemplary embodiment, the dual-band driven element includes a central      dipole or monopole that has chokes formed as u-shaped extensions located      at the ends of the central antenna dipole or monopole. An antenna array      includes the dual-band driven element and a second driven antenna element      with a reflector and/or a director in a Yagi-Uda configuration. An antenna      array includes the dual-band driven element with a reflector or with a      reflector and a director in a Yagi-Uda configuration. 
A dual circular polarization waveguide (24) is described which has a septum      (36) which divides the waveguide (24) into two separate compartments (38,      40) each with a probe (30A, 30B) passing through the end wall (32) of the      waveguide (24) into the compartment (38, 40) to detect respective signals      in each of the compartments (38, 40). The septum (36) is proportioned and      dimensioned to convert the left and right circularly polarized signals,      into substantially linearly polarized signals as the signals pass along      the waveguide (24) past the septum (36) so as by the time the signals      reach the probes (30A, 30B) they are linearly polarized. The probes (30A,      30B) which pass through the rear wall (32) of the waveguide (24) are      oriented such that they couple into the magnetic field of the primary or      fundamental waveguide mode. These probes (31A, 30B) do not require to be      orthogonal to each other but each probe (31A, 30B ) has a free end      disposed in proximity to a waveguide wall or the septum (36) within a      respective compartment (38, 40) so that the probe (30A, 30B) is      capacitively coupled to the waveguide wall or septum (36) to allow the      probe (30A, 30B) to couple into the respective magnetic field in the      compartment (38, 40). 
Combined Vivaldi notch and meander line loaded antennas are concatenated in      an array to provide an ultra wideband antenna having a decreased low      frequency cut-off due to the concatenation. In the concatenation process,      plates of adjacent antennas are shared so that one plate is used for both      of the adjacent antennas. In a preferred embodiment, the side plates and      the top and bottom plates are identically configured. 
A magnetically coupled antenna range extender structured to be interposed      between an RF antenna and an electronic device. The antenna range extender      is positioned between and proximate to one of the RF antenna and the      electronic device, for extending the operating range over which      information may be communicated and exchanged between the RF antenna and      the electronic device. 
A protective cushion is provided which works to absorb accidental physical      impact acting on an antenna unit built in a portable unit such as a remote      keyless entry transmitter for automotive vehicles. The protective cushion      includes dampers each of which has a first and a second contact. The      cushion is disposed within a casing in elastic abutment of the first      contacts with the antenna unit and the second contacts with an inner      surface of the casing, thereby absorbing physical impact transmitted to      the antenna unit which is produced, for example, when the user drops the      portable unit accidentally, thereby avoiding the detachment of the antenna      unit from a circuit-fabricated substrate and/or breakage of the antenna      unit itself. 
According to the present invention, an image processing apparatus, that can      effectively generate a polygon model approximating a shape of an object by      a plurality of polygon patches, includes: an input portion for inputting      three-dimensional data of the object of the input points; a storage      portion for storing coordinate values of the input points input by the      input portion; an update portion for updating three-dimensional coordinate      values of a plurality of lattice points of the polygon model so as to      reflect a distribution density of the input points, the lattice points      being arranged to form lattices on a two-dimensional plane; and an output      portion for outputting, as the polygon patches of the polygon model, the      three-dimensional coordinate values of the lattice points updated by the      update portion and a relationship of connections between the lattice      points in the lattices. 
With the object of providing a mobile wireless equipment with a      multi-frequency antenna capable of performing communication with a GPS      system in addition to conventional communication with mobile wireless      systems, an antenna 10 for mobile wireless equipment and a GPS antenna 4      are tightened together by threading an antenna fixing nut 19 onto a holder      7 from within a casing 101, after inserting a holder 7 of the antenna 10      for mobile wireless equipment from above a through-hole 4b of the GPS      antenna 4 and inserting the holder 7, which projects from below, from      above into an aperture 101a of the casing 101. Also, positioning and      fixing of the GPS antenna 4 are performed by engagement of claws 41, 41      formed on the GPS antenna 4 and a positioning boss 42 with claw receiving      sections 43, 43 and a boss receiving section 44 formed in the upper part      of the casing 101. 
A portable radio terminal testing apparatus has an antenna coupler 20, a      connecting member 16, and a measuring device 15. The antenna coupler 20      has a placement member 35, a coupling antenna 25, a pair of      through-connection portions, and an impedance transformer 31. The      placement member 35 accepts a portable radio terminal 1, which is a      testing object, in an unrestricted state. The coupling antenna 25 is      disposed so as to be electromagnetically coupled with an antenna 19 of the      portable radio terminal 1, and has a pair of antenna elements which are      formed at one face side of a dielectric substrate 26 and which have a      planar antenna structure of a predetermined shape, and a pair of feeding      points, and is formed from a self-complementary antenna having a      predetermined impedance within an operating frequency range including at      least 800 MHz to 2.5 GHz order. 
A wireless telephone antenna system including at least one loop antenna      (12) providing a directional antenna field pattern with superior gain      performance in comparison to an omnidirectional antenna. The antenna      system effectively rotates the loop antenna and selects the best gain in a      direction of interest. The antenna system preferably also includes a      conventional omnidirectional antenna (18), to which radio-frequency (RF)      power is reduced when a better antenna gain is provided by the loop      antenna, thereby reducing overall power consumption of the telephone. The      loop antenna field pattern (14) is preferably selected to minimize RF      radiation in the direction of the user s head (40). 
A system and method for prescribing an amplitude distribution to a      leaky-wave microstrip antenna having an array of radiating cells. The      leaky-wave microstrip antenna includes a grounded element, a dielectric      member coupled to the grounded element and a top conducting strip coupled      to the dielectric member, the conducting strip including a first and      second non-radiating conducting strip and a plurality of radiating cells.      This distribution requires that the microstrip antenna possess a variable      leakage-constant profile along its length, and is chosen so as to yield an      H-plane power-gain pattern having low sidelobes. The leakage-constant      profile is achieved by configuring the width and inter-cell spacing of the      antenna radiating cells and keeping the phase constant fixed. The length      or loading of the radiating cells may also be manipulated to achieve the      desired leakage constant profile. This results in the desired distribution      along the antenna s aperture and yields a power-gain pattern with low      sidelobes. The antenna is excited by two equal-amplitude and 180.degree.      out-of-phase signals. These signals are applied to the feed end of the      microstrip at two feeding ports. The microstrip antenna length is chosen      such that more than 97% of the input power is radiated by the traveling      electromagnetic, wave, while the remaining power is absorbed by the      resistively terminated antenna end. 
A method for tuning an antenna includes cutting a portion of a metal      pattern molded with a plastic insert to adjust electrical characteristics      of the antenna. Tuning can be performed by cutting the metal pattern or by      cutting the completed antenna including both the metal pattern and the      plastic insert. 
An apparatus and method to reduce the size of a microstrip antenna without      sacrificing antenna efficiency too much are described. The antenna      structure includes discontinuity of strip width in the middle of the      antenna patch to reduce the size of the antenna at a given resonant      frequency. The antenna structure further includes a plurality of patches      of differing widths connected to each other at junctions. The junctions      are placed symmetrically to ensure maximum radiation at the boresight and      also to further reduce cross-polarization levels. A coaxial feed is      connected at a predetermined location near the center of a patch, having a      narrower width, in order to match the input impedance of the antenna to      the coaxial feed. 
A process for measuring the location of people and objects carrying radio      frequency (RF) transmitters (TXs) that transmit messages to a plurality of      RF receivers (RXs) located in a space. Each RX is in communication with a      computer of a computer network and forwards data received from the TXs to      the network via its associated computer, along with a value indicating the      signal strength of the received TX transmission. The signal strengths      attributable to the same transmission are used to form a locating signal      strength vector which is then compared to exemplary vectors generated from      signal strength readings gathered in a calibration procedure from a set of      representative locations in the space. In comparing the locating vector to      the exemplary vectors, constraints are enforced on movements between      locations (e.g., cannot pass through walls) and to probabilistically      enforce expectations on transitions between locations. 
A system and method for narrowband pre-detection signal processing in      passive coherent location applications is disclosed. A receiving subsystem      receives a reference signal and a target signal from an uncontrolled      transmitter. The target signal is reflected from a target. The passive      coherent location system includes sub-processors that perform      pre-detection operations on the reference and target signals. The      functions include zero-doppler cancellation, quadrature demodulation,      reference beam regeneration, coherent processing interval selection, power      spectral density estimation, cross ambiguity function formation, and the      like. Within these operations, the reference signal is filtered with      respect to the target signal to form a first output reference signal. The      first output reference signal is combined with the first target signal to      form a first output target signal. The output target signal then is used      for subsequent passive coherent location processing operations. The filter      is updated with respect to a difference between the target signal and a      subsequent target signal. Further, two paths are used for correlation      processing of the reference and target signals. 
Methods and systems are provide for precision direction finding      capabilities for a sensing system, the method comprising providing a      sensing system that utilizes an amplitude direction finding scheme,      receiving a received signal in at least two receivers of the energy wave      sensing system, the received signal generated by a first object, comparing      the received signal at each receiver in a processor of the sensing system      utilizing an amplitude direction finding technique to produce amplitude      direction finding technique data, the amplitude direction finding      technique data indicative of course direction of the first object,      processing the received signal further to determine angle of arrival data      based on an interferometric technique to produce interferometric technique      data, the interferometric data indicative of a more precise direction of      the first object than provided by the amplitude direction finding      technique and determining the direction finding data of the first object      based on a residual phase error of the interferometric technique data and      on an amplitude direction finding error of the amplitude direction finding      technique data. 
An apparatus, method, and computer-readable media comprise a receiver      adapted to receive a plurality of broadcast signals; a signal processor      adapted to determine a position based on the received plurality of      broadcast signals; a signal generator adapted to generate a ranging signal      comprising a known component of a television signal; and a transmitter      adapted to broadcast a signal comprising the ranging signal and a position      signal comprising a description of the position. 
A workstation for processing and producing a video signal comprises a video      input system, a video graphics processor, and a video output system. The      video input system may comprise a video input module, a first video      pipeline, and a second video pipeline. The video output system may      comprise a receiver, a video pipeline and a video output module. In      addition, the video input system may comprise a video input module having      a specific configuration and a video processing module having a connector      for coupling the video input module, the specific configuration of the      video input module setting the characteristics of the video processing      module. The video output system may comprise a video processing module      having a connector for coupling a video output module and a video output      module having a specific configuration, the specific configuration of the      video output module setting the characteristics of the video processing      module. 
Geographic coordinates of user equipment of a paged party are determined      either by communicating with a GPS receiver associated with the user      equipment of the paged party or by cellular triangulation. The geographic      coordinates may be converted into an associated common location      description. For example the common location description is a city name,      an address, or a distance and direction from a landmark. The geographic      coordinates, common location description, or an abbreviation thereof, is      transmitted to user equipment of a paging party. Using this service,      parents may verify the location of their children. Security agencies or      delivery services may verify and/or log the location of their personnel. 
Geographic coordinates of user equipment of a calling party are determined      either by communicating with a GPS receiver associated with the user      equipment of the calling party or by cellular triangulation. The      geographic coordinates may be converted into an associated common location      description. For example the common location description is a city name,      an address, or a distance and direction from a landmark. The common      location description, or an abbreviation thereof, is transmitted to user      equipment of a called party. Using this service, parents may verify the      location of their children. Security agencies or delivery services may      verify and/or log the location of their personnel. 
A method and apparatus for determining a reference time associated with a      satellite positioning system. In turn, the reference time, in one      embodiment, may be used to determine other navigational information. Such      navigational information may include, for example, the location/position      of a satellite positioning system (SPS) receiver. In one embodiment, a      relative velocity between an SPS receiver and a set of one or more      satellites is used to determine an offset between time as indicated by the      SPS receiver and the reference time. According to another embodiment of      the invention, an error statistic is used to determine the reference time.      According to yet another embodiment of the invention, two records, each      representing at least a portion of a satellite message, are compared to      determine time. In one implementation, the SPS receiver is mobile and      operates in conjunction with a basestation to determine time and/or other      navigational information according to one or a combination of the methods      described. 
A method for locating a satellite positioning system receiver, for example,      a satellite positioning system enabled wireless communications device in      cellular network, including obtaining a coarse position and/or a time      estimate (210), and computing a satellite positioning system based      position and/or time solution (240) that is constrained by uncertainty      information associated with the coarse position and/or a time estimate.      The uncertainty constraints may also be used to identify erroneous      measurements used to compute the position solution. 
A pulse radar device includes a VCO that oscillates a carrier wave that has      been modulated in frequency, a switch that modulates the carrier wave      generated by the VCO to a pulse wave, a transmission antenna that      transmits the pulse wave that has been modulated by the switch as an      electromagnetic wave, a reception antenna that receives a reflection wave      obtained by reflecting the electromagnetic wave that has been transmitted      by the transmission antenna by a target substance, a mixer that      demodulates the reception signal that has been received by the reception      antenna on the basis of the carrier wave that has been generated by the      VCO, and a limiter that limits an amplitude of the demodulation signal      which has been demodulated by the mixer. 
A system for allowing pilots to quickly determine weather hazard-free      flight paths and weather hazards that exist along the aircraft flight      plan. The system includes a memory, a processor, and a display device. The      memory stores weather radar return information in a three-dimensional      buffer. The processor is coupled to the memory. The processor receives a      display distance value signal, retrieves weather radar return information      stored in a plane of voxels in the three-dimensional buffer based on the      selected display distance value and aircraft position information, and      generates an image based on the retrieved weather radar return      information. The display device is coupled to the processor for displaying      the generated image. 
A system employs null angle measurements developed in response to the      detection of radiation, such as jamming, along with the positions at which      the null angles are measured, to determine the location of the radiation      source through reverse triangulation. 
A pipeline AD converter comprising a cascade of AD-converter stages,      whereby the sampling noise generated by a former stage of the cascade is      AD-converted by the next stage in the cascade and the digital signals of      the stages are combined to generate an error-reduced digital      representation of the analog input signal. Applying the input signal to a      synchronous .SIGMA..DELTA. modulator and to an asynchronous .SIGMA..DELTA.      modulator and comparing the output signals of the .SIGMA..DELTA.      modulators generates the sampling noise. 
An analog to digital converter includes a first charging circuit that      samples an input voltage during a charging phase. A first opamp has an      input that communicates with the first charging circuit during an      integrating phase. A first current source selectively generates a first      bias current for the first opamp during the charging phase and a second      bias current that is not equal to the first bias current during the      integrating phase. The first bias current is less than the second bias      current. The first current source can be a variable current source that      selectively provides the first and second bias currents during the      charging and integrating phases, respectively. Alternately, the first      current source can include two current sources. Only one of the two      current sources is connected to the first opamp during the integrating      phase. 
An input circuit of a one-chip microcomputer is connected to an external      switching circuit. When an analog input signal of a significant level      generated in the external switching circuit is received at an analog input      terminal of the input circuit, an A/D conversion start request signal is      generated in an A/D conversion start request generating circuit and is      sent to an A/D converter. The operation of the A/D converter is started in      response to the A/D conversion start request signal, the analog input      signal received at the analog input terminal is converted into digital      data, and an A/D conversion finish signal is sent from the A/D converter      to a CPU of the one-chip microcomputer. The operation of the CPU is      started in response to the A/D conversion finish signal, and the digital      data is readout to the CPU. Therefore, the A/D converter, the CPU or a      clock is not operated to wait for an analog input signal generated in the      external switching circuit, but the A/D converter is operated for the A/D      conversion, and the CPU is operated to read out the digital data.      Accordingly, an electric power consumed in the A/D converter, the CPU and      the clock can be reduced. 
A remote control device includes a case; a display section situated at an      upper section of the front face of the case; a machine section wheel      switch section situated at inside of the case, some part of the section      being exposed through the front face and containing a first wheel      operation section, a first click encoder and a first push sensor; a menu      function selection ball switch section which contains a second wheel      operation section, a second click encoder and a second push sensor; a      function selection ball switch section situated at inside of the case,      some parts of the function selection ball switch section being exposed      through the front face; a CPU which inputs, outputs and controls and      electrical signals generated by rotation of said machine selection wheel      switch section, menu selection wheel switch section and function selection      ball switch section; a signal transmitting section being connected to an      output of the CPU, and a memory having built-in machine, menu and function      selection programs; and a click sound generation section having a speaker. 
An emulator couplable to an integrated circuit, the integrated circuit      including a micro controller, a DMA controller, memory means and an ADC      and the emulator being operable to read a block of data stored in a      plurality of memory locations of the memory means and graphically to      display a representation of at least a portion of the block of data. An      integrated circuit including an ADC and reprogrammable non-volatile memory      means, the ADC being arranged to read calibration values from the      non-volatile memory means. An integrated circuit including a      microcontroller, a DAC selected from a group consisting of a string DAC      and a current source DAC and an operational amplifier coupled to the DAC      output. An integrated circuit includes analog and digital circuitry, and      has only two polysilicon layers on a C-MOS substrate. 
The variable-order delta sigma modulator of the invention is capable of      setting an optimum order in relation to a sampling frequency to be used,      when using one out of plural sampling frequencies. As to the delta sigma      modulator of the third order or higher, in a combination of two arbitrary      continued integrators constituting the modulator is furnished a means that      connects or disconnects the circuit on the second integrator side at the      part of connecting the first integrator and the second integrator, or a      means of switching the relation of connections. Connecting or      disconnecting the circuit through the means and switching the relation of      connections will set the order of the delta sigma modulator into an      optimum order in relation to a sampling frequency. 
An improved method of filtering that can be used with an analog-to-digital      converter (ADC) is disclosed herein. Multiple      discrete-time-feedback-modules (114, 116) each with current limiting (202,      204 and 222, 224) are used to sample information which is supplied to an      integrator (112) for conversion to digital form. By overlapping the      integration of these samples, and by evaluating these integration results      multiple times (TP2, TP3, TP4) per sample (TP1), using the methods      disclosed herein the advantages of increased accuracy, lower power      consumption and reduced cost may be realized. 
An improved sigma-delta converter includes a post converter filter that      receives a digital data stream. The data stream has a digital amplitude      and contains quantization noise. Quantization noise is larger for digital      amplitudes in a second larger-amplitude range than in a first      smaller-amplitude range. The post converter filter has a higher cut-off      frequency when the digital amplitude is in the first amplitude range and a      lower cut-off frequency when the digital amplitude is in the second      amplitude range. The post converter filter therefore filters out a portion      of the larger quantization noise when the digital amplitude is larger.      Quanitization noise is reduced without limiting the input signal voltage      range that can be digitized. 
Methods and structures are provided for the interleaved calibration and      subsequent correction of errors in switched-capacitor converter stages of      pipelined analog-to-digital converters. The interleaved calibration can be      run continuously or at selected times without disturbing the ongoing      processing of input data signals. With first and second sets of      capacitors, converter stages interleavably process input data signals and      input calibration signals. Once these stages have been calibrated with      their second sets of capacitors, the first and second sets are exchanged      and the converter stages subsequently process input data signals with      their second sets of capacitors. 
A serial stream interface for combining a master serial data stream      comprising a sequence of N-bit master data packets and a slave serial data      stream comprising a sequence of N-bit slave data packets. The serial      stream interface comprises: 1) a slave input interface comprising a slave      buffer having a serial input for receiving the slave serial data stream      and an N-bit slave parallel output for outputting each of the N-bit slave      data packets wherein the slave buffer stores each N-bit slave data packet      using at least one slave timing signal associated with the slave serial      data stream; 2) a source selection circuit having a first input channel      for receiving an N-bit master parallel output from a first master data      source and a second input channel coupled to the N-bit slave parallel      output; and 3) a serialization circuit having an input coupled to an      output of the source selection circuit for receiving a selected one of the      N-bit master parallel output and the N-bit slave parallel output and a      serial output, wherein the serialization circuit sequentially shifts out      each bit of the selected one of the N-bit master parallel output and the      N-bit slave parallel output. 
Techniques for reliable transmission of higher priority data within a frame      are disclosed. In one aspect, an inner code is applied to one or more      partial segments of a transmitted data frame in addition to any outer code      applied to the entire frame. In another aspect, inner coded segments of a      received frame are decoded when decoding of the outer code indicates one      or more errors within the frame. The inner coded segment is retained when      the inner decoding decodes without error. Various other aspects are also      disclosed. These aspects have the benefits of reducing the number of      retransmissions of higher priority data, as well as reducing delay for      time-sensitive segments of the frame. The result is more efficient use of      bandwidth, more responsiveness to higher priority segments, such as      signaling traffic, and capacity, power, and other efficiencies associated      therewith. 
An S/P converter 120 converts input data from serial to parallel for every      two bits in different timings, thereby outputting two types of parallel      data. Based on the input data, a timing detector 130 detects a timing      which corresponds to boundaries between bits of a data portion before      biphase encoding. Based on the detection result of the timing detector, a      selector 140 selects either one of the two types of parallel data output      from the S/P converter 120. 
Present herein is a low memory and MIPS efficient technique for decoding      Huffman codes using multi-stage, multi-bits lookup at different levels. A      binary tree is cut at levels depending on the quotient of the number of      existing nodes and the number of possible nodes. 
Methods of encoding and decoding, as well as an encoding system and a      digital communications system are provided for encoding data words into      code words and decoding code words into data words. The data words are      encoded according to a run-length-limited (RLL) code of k constraint,      the encoding producing u-bit non-zero code words. The k constraint can      be increased to a higher value by extending the u-bit non-zero code words      to generate q-bit non-zero code words. 
A device has a projection type image display unit which has a projection      lens and generates a coordinate input screen, and linear sensors for      sensing an image of a beam spot, and computes a coordinate value      corresponding to the beam spot on the basis of information obtained by the      projection type image display unit and the output signals from the linear      sensors. This beam spot is generated by irradiating the predetermined      position on the coordinate input screen with light coming from a pointing      tool, or corresponds to a light-emitting portion provided to the distal      end of the pointing tool located near the coordinate input screen. 
A method and device for compressing data to allow for a simple and rapid      evaluation of the compressed data. The invention includes the steps of     receiving and storing a possibly higher dimensional sequence of (possibly      higher dimensional) raw data with at least two datapoints,     storage of the datapoints [formally designated as decat built-in structure      of the (-1)-st order] as the record to be processed momentarily,     first decomposition of the data received by the computation of coefficients      of a 0 order decat built-in structure (overview tree/compression zero      order tree) on the basis of the data received, and determination of the      layers of the 0-th tree structure (overview tree),     at least one further decomposition (k-th decomposition, with      2.ltoreq.k.ltoreq.n and n.gtoreq.2) of the coefficients calculated with an      immediately preceding decomposition [(k-1)-th decomposition] by the      computation of coefficients of at least a further decat built-in structure      of the 1-st to (n-1)-th order, as well as the determination of layers of      the second tree structures [compression trees of the 1-st to (n-1)-th      order], and     sorting and/or filtering of the coefficients of the layers of at least the      second tree structures of the (n-1)-th order (compression trees),      preferably without having to decompress the tree structures computed again      explicitly or implicitly,     storage of those coefficients of at least the decat built-in structure of      (n-1)-th order (n-th decomposition) that are suited for reconstruction of      the data received on the basis of sorting and/or filtering. 
A foldable keyboard having a plurality of folding keyboard sections. Each      keyboard section includes a frame carrying a key set having a plurality of      keys. The key set may be movable laterally relative to the frame. The      frame with the key set is foldable with respect to an adjacent frame. The      frame provides a self-contained enclosure for the keyboard assembly when      fully closed. When opened, the keyboard assembly can be a full-size      standard QWERTY keyboard. 
An emergency light includes a base that is elongated and has a top surface      and a bottom surface. The base has a pair of oppositely positioned side      edges, the top surface has an elongated slot therein orientated generally      parallel to the side edges. A light support includes a bottom section that      has a lower side that has an elongated ridge thereon. The ridge is      removably positionable into the slot for supporting the light support on      the base in an upright manner. A strobe light is attached to the light      support. A power supply is positioned in the light support and is      electrically coupled to the strobe light. The power supply is electrically      coupled to an electrical conduit on the ridge. A recharging station is      adapted for receiving the ridge for recharging the power supply. 
An integrated, single collar measurement while-while-drilling tool is      presented that comprises formation sensors, directional sensors, pressure      sensors, a mud pulse telemetry device, and a turbine-generator power      device configured in a single collar housing that is no longer than a      standard drill collar. No electrical connections are made across drill      collar tool joints. The tool provides high reliability and ease of      transportation. 
A process for automatically assigning detector addresses in a danger      detection system, comprising a master station and at least one two-wire      detection line linked thereto to which a multiplicity of detectors are      connected wherein each detector has a capacitor for power accumulation, a      measuring resistor in one wire, an evaluation device evaluating the      voltage drop on the measuring resistor to which an address latch is      connected, and a switch controllable by the evaluation device between the      wires. 
An Internet based personal tracking system for tracking the position of a      portable location unit by a remote user comprising a web host connected to      the Internet having a computer storage medium, a portable location unit      having a processor for receiving geo-position information, and generating      geo-position data representing the position of said location unit, a      transceiver included in said location unit for transmitting said position      signal to said web host in response to a call signal being received from      said web host, a power supply for supplying power to said processor and      said transceiver; and a computer program residing on said web host having      an input module for receiving a tracking request signal from the remote      user via the Internet, a processing module for processing said tracking      request signal, and a communication module for initializing communication      with said location unit in response to tracking said request signal, and a      location module for outputting said call signal to said location unit and      for receiving said geo-position data from said location unit; and a      display module for outputting said position dataset to the remote user via      the Internet for display of the location unit s position at the remote      user s site. 
A plastic mounting plate closes a electrical box which delivers wires to an      alarm unit or emergency light or the like. The alarm unit is mounted to      the mounting plate by a snap connection and a tab-in-slot connection,      without requiring the use of a tool. The mounting plate is connected to      the electrical box by screws which engage threaded holes provided by the      electrical box. The mounting plate can be mounted to either a single-wide      electrical box or a double-wide (4.times.4) electrical box and provides      corresponding holes for connection to either box. An alternate mounting      plate for a single-wide electrical box is also provided. 
The invention is an apparatus and method for improved safety in operation      of a crane relative to the transit of a load overhead of workmen. A      initiating operator transmits a RF signal to sound a first horn alarm when      a lift commences. The initiating operator transmits a second RF signal,      when the transit of the load commences, to sound a second horn alarm which      operates asynchronously relative to the first horn alarm. A terminating      operator disengages the horn alarms when the load is placed. Workmen will      hear a Doppler effect as indicative of the direction of travel and      position of the load. 
Passive and active methods for anticipating problems with electrical wiring      are provided. An insulative material in contact with an electrical      conductor has at least one impurity that is impregnated in the insulative      material and/or disposed thereon. An environment around the electrical      conductor is monitored for the presence or the level of the impurity(ies)      emanating from the insulative material in the form of a gaseous effluent.      An alarm signal is generated when a predetermined level of the gaseous      effluent is detected. 
This invention provides an alarm system and method for adjusting the      wake-up signals. The system includes a means for tracking the behavior of      a person in a predetermined area under surveillance after the activation      of an alarm clock, and a means for determining whether the person is      motionless for a predetermined time period. Upon recognition that the      observed behavior indicates the person is still sleeping, the wake-up      signals are gradually increased. At the same time, the electrical power      supplied to a plurality of electronic devices may be increased to assist      the person to wake up. 
In the touch panel of an analog resistance film form having independent      connection electrodes to be connected via a conductive adhesive (5) to      lead electrodes (13,14) set to an opposing panel, the conductive adhesive      is made up of a main conductive filler (51) of flakes or spheres of a      particle size of 1-20 .mu.m or short fibers of a length of 1-20 .mu.m and      a spherical auxiliary conductive filler (52) having an insulating core      material (52a) coated with a conductive layer (52b) and a larger particle      size by 10-100 .mu.m than a minimum distance of contact faces of the      electrodes, both fillers dispersed in a binder, whereby the auxiliary      conductive filler is always kept in touch with the lead electrodes and      connection electrodes. 
A method and system for an early warning detection of bioterrorism events      includes obtaining temperature readings from a statistical sample of      individuals in a community, and comparing the individual readings to one      or more detection thresholds spaced apart by predetermined values with at      least one of the thresholds being below the normally accepted temperature      range defined as a low-grade fever. The comparison is then used to      identify and evaluate a community s potential infection by a biological      warfare agent so that early therapeutic action may be taken. 
A method, system and a badge utilized therein utilize both the radio      frequency (RF) and infrared (IR) parts of the electromagnetic spectrum to      locate subjects (i.e. objects and persons) within a tracking environment.      The system includes a battery-operated, microprocessor-based badge for      each subject to be located. Each badge automatically transmits: (1)      shorter interval, digitized, infrared light signals to identify a      delimited area zone of its subject s location; (2) shorter interval,      digitized, lower power RF signals to provide a local area zone of its      subject s location; and (3) longer interval, digitized, higher power RF      signals to provide a wide area zone of its subject s location. Each badge      transmits uniquely identifiable IR and higher power RF signals upon      actuation of one or more push button switches integrated on the badge or a      change of state of one or more external switch connections. Each higher      power, longer interval, RF signal is a supervisory pulse. This pulse      informs a host computer that the badge is in range of an RF receiver and      is functional. 
A method and apparatus for testing the proper operation of an electronic      pet containment transmitter. The transmitter includes an internal short      loop antenna that is used to activate the receiver unit when it is brought      into close proximity of the transmitter. 
A system for generating an excitation field for excitation of a leadless      marker assembly. One aspect of the system comprises a source generator      assembly having a power supply, an energy storage device, a switching      network and a source coil interconnected and configured to deliver a      magnetic excitation signal waveform. The power supply is configured to      deliver power to energize the energy storage device. The switching network      is configured to: direct electrical current through the source coil;      alternately switch between a first on position and a second on position;      alternately transfer stored energy from the energy storage device to the      source coil and to transfer stored energy from the source coil back to the      energy storage device; and the source coil being coupled to the switching      network to generate an excitation signal. 
An RFID transponder is provided with an active backscatter amplifier that      amplifies and re-transmits a received signal. The RFID transponder      comprises an antenna and a circulator having a first port connected to the      antenna. A modulator is connected to a second port of the circulator. An      amplifier is connected to a third port of the circulator, with the      amplifier connected to the modulator. An RF signal impinging upon the      antenna passes through the circulator, the amplifier, and the modulator,      and returns to the antenna through the circulator. The modulator further      comprises an input coupled to the second port of the circulator and an      output coupled to an input of the amplifier. The amplifier has an output      coupled to the third port of the circulator. The modulator is adapted to      modulate the RF signal using on-off keying. 
A cost effective system for testing smoke detectors and determining and      communicating the operating characteristics thereof, advantageously uses      existing circuitry components in a secondary communication function. With      this arrangement, a low powered RF reporting signal is transmitted from      the smoke detector and can be received within several feet of the      detector. Preferably the RF signal is produced by a pulsed input signal      provided to an existing coil which is part of the circuitry used to      produce and/or report alarm signals. A receiving arrangement is also      disclosed which can be located in close proximity to a smoke detector      which has been activated to report the operating characteristics thereof.      These characteristics can then be analyzed to determine whether preventive      maintenance is appropriate. 
A vehicle locating system, comprising a hand-held transponder in      communication with a vehicle-installed transponder. The hand-held      transponder is carried by a user upon exiting a vehicle. The      vehicle-installed transponder remains within the vehicle. The hand-held      transponder includes an activation signal generator and a homing signal      receiver. Correspondingly, the vehicle-installed transponder includes an      activation signal receiver and a homing signal generator. Upon receipt of      an activation signal from the hand-held transponder, the homing signal      generator emits a homing signal which is detected by the homing signal      receiver located within the hand-hold transponder. A signal strength      controlled modulator causes a speaker within the hand-held transponder to      emit sound and also causes a light emitting diode to emit light, such that      the period of the emitted sound and light is proportional to the distance      between the hand-held transponder and the vehicle-installed transponder,      thereby allowing a user to easily locate the vehicle. 
Network-enabled devices are configured to report changes of state to a      monitoring system. The monitoring system is configured to filter each      change of state to determine whether the change of state constitutes a      reportable event, based on a profile associated with the device. If the      event is reportable, it is communicated to one or more other      network-enabled devices. Each device is also configured to periodically      verify its presence to the monitoring system, and the unexplained absence      of the device is treated as a change of state of state of the device. In      like manner, a change to the profile of a device is also treated as a      change of state of the device. 
A system for remote monitoring of vehicle tire pressure includes monitors      mounted in the tires, each including a tire pressure sensor, a transmitter      for transmitting a tire pressure signal, a battery for the transmitter,      and a receiver for receiving an initiation signal. Initiators are mounted      on-board the vehicle, each initiator associated with one of the tire      monitors. Each initiator is for use in generating a low frequency      initiation signal for receipt by a tire receiver to cause the transmitter      to transmit a tire pressure signal. A vehicle mounted controller activates      the initiators in order to generate the low frequency initiation signals,      and processes the tire pressure signals to convey tire pressure      information to a user. The controller further activates the initiators in      order to generate a low frequency electromagnetic field for use in      recharging the batteries in the tire monitors. 
An air pressure detection device for a wheel includes an air pressure      sensor provided on the side of a tire for detecting the tire pressure. A      detection and transmission unit (transmission unit) is provided for      transmitting information detected by the air pressure sensor. An electric      cell is provided for driving the detection and transmission unit. The air      pressure sensor is located inside the tire and is integrally fitted to an      air valve. The electric cell is fitted to a portion of the air valve      projecting from a rim. The invention enhances the fitting property of the      air pressure sensor, and enhances the convenience in exchange of the      electric cell. 
A three-dimensional (3-D) interactive display and method of forming the      same, includes a transparent capaciflector (TC) camera formed on a      transparent shield layer on the screen surface. A first dielectric layer      is formed on the shield layer. A first wire layer is formed on the first      dielectric layer. A second dielectric layer is formed on the first wire      layer. A second wire layer is formed on the second dielectric layer. Wires      on the first wire layer and second wire layer are grouped into groups of      parallel wires with a turnaround at one end of each group and a sensor pad      at the opposite end. An operational amplifier is connected to each of the      sensor pads and the shield pad biases the pads and receives a signal from      connected sensor pads in response to intrusion of a probe. The signal is      proportional to probe location with respect to the monitor screen. 
The invention provides a device for measuring the pressure of a tire. The      device comprises a microcontroller configured to calculate a target      pressure, a pressure sensor coupled to the microcontroller for measuring      an internal pressure of the tire, a first temperature sensor coupled to      the microcontroller for measuring an internal temperature of the tire, a      user input coupled to the microcontroller for inputting a recommended      pressure for the tire, a second temperature sensor coupled to the      microcontroller for measuring an ambient temperature, and, a display      coupled to the microcontroller for indicating the internal pressure of the      tire and the target pressure. The microcontroller converts the recommended      pressure into the target pressure based on a ratio of the internal      temperature in Kelvin to the ambient temperature in Kelvin, such that a      user is able to inflate and deflate the tire until the display indicates      that the internal pressure is equal to the target pressure. 
A vehicle display system comprises a plurality of display units and a      controller unit. Each display unit has a receiver for receiving measured      data indicating a state of the vehicle, and a driver controller for      controlling an indicator driver according to the measured data. The      controller unit has a transmitter for transmitting the measured data to      the plurality of display units and a transmitter controller for      controlling the transmission. Each display unit further comprises a      generator for generating response data indicating a state of the indicator      driver and a transmitter for transmitting the response data to the      controller unit. The controller unit further comprises a receiver for      receiving each response data and a comparator for comparing each response      data with the measured data to judge whether each indicator driver is      controllable or not. Further, the transmitter controller controls      according to a judged result. 
An object-presence alert is given to a driver by a vehicular side-object      detection system in response to a remote sensor for sensing objects in a      predetermined zone of interest along side a vehicle. The zone of interest      includes a front region and a rear region, and the remote sensor provides      sensor data to generate a set of localized detection points. When      detection points are sensed in the zone of interest, then a plurality of      respective sets of detection points are collected at successive sample      times. For each of the sets of detection points, a tracking type of the      object within the zone of interest is determined in comparison to a speed      of the vehicle and the object is classified as either a moving vehicle or      a stationary object in response to the tracking type and in response to      locations of the detection points in the zone of interest. If the object      first appeared in a region other than the front region, then a short      observation period is selected including a first predetermined number of      sets of detection points and otherwise a long detection period is selected      including a second predetermined number of sets of detection points longer      than the first predetermined number. A number of times that the object is      classified as a moving vehicle within the selected observation period is      compared to a predetermined percentage threshold and the alert is      initiated if classified as a moving vehicle for greater than the      predetermined percentage threshold. 
A method and a device for detecting road users and obstacles on the basis      of camera images, in order to determine their distance from the observer      and to classify them. In a two-step classification, potential other      parties involved in a collision are detected and identified. In so doing,      in a first step, potential other parties involved in a collision are      marked in the image data of a mono-image camera; their distance and      relative velocity are subsequently determined so that endangering objects      can be selectively subjected to a type classification in real time. By      breaking down the detection activity into a plurality of steps, the      real-time capability of the system is also rendered possible using      conventional sensors already present in the vehicle. 
This invention provides a system to detect in real time the condition of      jackknifing tendency during vehicle-trailer backing up, and to provide      steering direction assistance. The system utilizes rates of change of a      vehicle-trailer articulation angle to determine a critical articulation      angle. 
A controller (1) holds appliance data acquired from an appliance (3)      regularly and without loss. A display terminal (2) is capable of moving to      other rooms through a receptacle and holds the appliance data acquired      from the appliance (3). When there is loss in the appliance data for a      part of time period because of a move and the like, the display terminal      (2) executes acquisition request to the controller (1) to acquire this      non-collected data of the appliance. The controller (1) transmits the      appliance data to the display terminal (2) in response to the request of      the display terminal (2). The display terminal (2) acquires (or      complements) the non-collected data from the controller (1) and display      the data. 
A method of inventory management is described. Upon activation of a button      on a wireless device, the wireless device having a light source and a      transceiver with a unique media address corresponding to a unique product,      the device broadcasts a first signal including an order command and the      unique media address by the transceiver via a wireless medium. A central      controller then receives the first signal, identifies the unique media      address included in the first signal, and using a database, identifies the      unique product associated with the unique media address. 
A keyless access control device and method for a vehicle having a door and      a door handle includes transmitting a code from a transceiver while a      cover covers the door handle to prevent a user from actuating the door      handle. A transponder of the user transmits an answer to the transceiver      upon receipt of the code. The answer is checked to conduct a preliminary      verification of whether the user is authorized to access the vehicle. The      cover uncovers the door handle if the preliminary verification indicates      that the user is authorized to access the vehicle. A bidirectional      question and answer dialog takes place between the transceiver and the      transponder to conduct a final verification of whether the user is      authorized to access the vehicle upon the user actuating the door handle.      The door is unlocked if the final verification is indicative of the user      having access to the vehicle. 
An identification apparatus comprising an array of retractable conductive      pins on a base component placed onto a primary device and in communication      therewith. A set of shaped identifiers have a plurality of holes through      which respective pins on the array of retractable pins pass, each      identifier being uniquely configured with at least one distinct location      containing a conductive plug or `cap` fitted therein which blocks the      passage therethrough of that particular pin thereby forcing said pin to      retract into the base component to block further use of that pin by      subsequently placed identifiers. Each retractable pin is in individual      communication with the primary device such that, once one or more      identifiers have been placed onto the pin array, the primary device can      thereafter identify the placed identifiers so as to subsequently perform      certain functions or other desired operations based on the type,      configuration, and/or number of identifiers placed thereon. 
Plural security units are coupled to plural control units through a      communication line including transmission and response lines. Each control      unit detects data collision on the transmission line to avoid the data      collision. Re-transmission interval is independently assigned to each      control unit. If the command to or from a security unit in charge of this      control unit is received, the control unit rewrites the conditional data      of the security unit in accordance with the detected command. The control      (security) unit further includes a transmission (response) line monitoring      portion, so that bi-directional communication is provided in addition of      the response (transmission) line monitoring portion. Address data is      classified to provide all unit communication, a group communication, and      independent communications. 
A system, method, and method of manufacturing directed to an optical device      with increased accuracy in tracking ability. The increased accuracy can be      achieved by using a multiple sensor system. A second sensor is added to      the optical device. The second sensor increases the probability of      obtaining a high quality image. Thus, the tracking ability of the device      can be performed with greater accuracy over a single sensor device. The      second sensor can also perform additional functions. 
A potentiometer, used in particular as a position sensor or position      transducer is disclosed, which has at least one wiper path and one wiper      that has at least one contact element (19), resting with a contact face      (20) on the wiper path and electrically contacting the wiper path; the      wiper and the wiper path are movable toward one another. To reduce costs      by reducing the amount of noble metal used for the contacting in the      potentiometer, the contact element (19) has an electrically conductive      core (21) and a noble metal jacket (22), surrounding the core (21), whose      annular end face at least partly forms the contact face (20) (FIG. 4). 
An electrical circuit protection device with three supporting substrates,      two PTC elements, and first and second end terminations. The first and      third substrates have an electrode formed on a first surface thereof. The      second substrate has electrodes formed on both surfaces thereof. The first      PTC element is laminated between the first and second substrates,      electrically connecting the first electrodes formed on the first and second substrates. The second PTC      element is laminated between the second and third substrates, electrically      connecting the second electrode formed on the second substrate and the      first electrode formed on the third substrate. The end terminations wraps      around opposite ends of the device. The first end termination is in      electrical contact with the first electrodes formed on the second and      third substrates and the second end termination is in electrical contact      with the first electrode formed on the first substrate and the second      electrode formed on the second substrate. The PTC elements are      electrically connected in parallel between the end terminations. The      multi-layered configuration allows for an increased electrical rating      without increasing the overall footprint, i.e., length and width, of the      device. 
Quantity of flux coated on fusible alloy of a thermal fuse disclosed can be      inspected accurately by an image processing method. The thermal fuse      comprises:     (a) first insulation film 11 coupled with a pair of metal terminals 12;     (b) fusible alloy 13 coupled between ends of the metal terminals 12, being      placed above first insulation film 11;     (c) flux 14 coated on fusible alloy 13; and     (d) second insulation film 15 disposed on first insulation film 11 so that      an internal space is formed, being placed above fusible alloy 13,     wherein at least either of first insulation film 11 or second insulation      film 15 is transparent or translucent, and flux 14 has the Gardner color      scale from 4 to 16. 
An inductor assembly for use in RF and microwave circuits wherein the      inductor is formed of a first spiral wound metal strip that is mounted on      a flat surface of a quartz substrate. A metal strip is formed of copper      and has a height above the flat surface that is about 30 microns. 
An electromagnet assembly for an electromagnetic apparatus has a ring      member, a coil bobbin having an electrical wire wound a spool of the ring      member, and a ring case. The ring member is disposed in an annular groove      of the ring case. An opening is formed through the ring case adjacent to      its closed end surface. A connector, which is disposed on the ring case      and covers the opening, includes a case having a closed shape and a      bottom, and a cap closing an open end of the case. Ends of the electrical      wire and ends of a lead wire are joined in the connector. A projection      portion is formed around a fringe portion of a first end surface of the      cap and abuts an open end surface of the case. The cap is secured fixedly      to the case after the projection portion is melted. 
In order to cool the windings, core and optionally the wall of the element      (1) receiving the windings (3,4) and the core (2) as effectively as      possible, conducting surfaces (5, 6, 8,15) are disposed inside said      element in such a way that the flow of coolant initially passes along the      windings (3,4), followed by the limbs (21,22) of the core surrounded by      the windings, and subsequently the other areas (23, 24, 1). Said      arrangement of conducting surfaces is particularly suitable for use with      transformers having superconductive windings made of HTSL conductor      material. 
A support surface that utilizes repulsive forces of opposing magnetic      fields is described. In preferred embodiments, the support apparatus      includes first and second frame members having first and second      pluralities of magnets disposed thereon. The pluralities of magnets are      oriented such that the first plurality of magnets produces a magnetic      field having an orientation that opposes the magnetic fields of the      magnets of the second plurality. The first and second frame members      interact such that they maintain a substantially static lateral position      relative to each other despite the repulsive forces of the opposing      magnetic fields. A support member, such as a cushion member, is disposed      adjacent one of the frame members, and can be connected thereto. A      covering can surround the entire assembly. In particularly preferred      embodiments, the frame members have dimensions similar to those of      conventional mattresses, and the cover confers the appearance of a      conventional mattress onto the support apparatus. 
The object of the present invention is to minimize the residual magnetic      induction in a circular pole piece included in a magnetic circuit for      magnetic resonance imaging. A circular pole piece is divided into two      portions, that is, a center portion and a marginal portion. A soft      magnetic material that exhibits a high permeability (for example, 10000 or      more) with a relatively small external magnetic field (for example,      ranging from 20 A/m to 60 A/m) applied thereto is adopted as a soft      magnetic material to be made into a center-portion laminate block. A soft      magnetic material that exhibits a high permeability (for example, 6000 or      more) with a relatively large external magnetic field (for example,      ranging from 50 A/m to 150 A/m) applied thereto is adopted as a soft      magnetic material to be made into a marginal-portion laminate block 103b.      Consequently, since the residual magnetic induction in the circular pole      piece can be minimized, the degradation in image quality attributable to a      residual magnetic induction can be prevented. 
An electromagnetic actuator includes two electromagnets spaced apart from      one another, an armature that is movable back and forth by magnetic force      between the electromagnets against the force of two respectively      counteracting springs, and setting means for adjusting the actuator to      have a low energy requirement. To this end, the springs are pre-stressed      such that the same energy is stored in both springs in connection with a      maximum compression of the springs corresponding to the maximum stroke      travel distance of the armature. The actuator is useful for actuating a      valve to control the gas exchange in an internal combustion machine. 
Remote monitoring of superconducting magnet systems of various types,      manufacturers, vintages, and so forth, via a magnet selector interface      providing for configuring the monitoring system to the particular magnet      system of interest. The technique provides for scalable analogue to      digital conversion with integrated excitation circuitry for the input and      output of magnet system sensors. Devices, such as remote terminal units      and other data-logging technology may be adapted to remotely monitor      primary indicators and secondary indicators of magnet system performance      and related boil-off of helium. The technique provides earlier warning of      impending failures in the magnet system, and thus facilitates predictive      maintenance, reduces maintenance costs, reduces MRI downtime, reduces      helium loss, and the like. 
The present invention 10 discloses a computer mouse having a body with an      ovate palm support area 38 and a planar peripherally receding support 42      for the hypothenar mass and left 40 and right anterior buttons 44      eccentrically positioned askew the apex of the ovate form with one button      located on a platform 46 and elevated and angularly positioned relative to      the other button 40 that is substantially planar. The button platform 46      could also be selectively movable along a limited distance of the anterior      periphery of the body to allow a user 12 to adjust the present invention      10 to conform to different sized hands and fingers of varying lengths. The      present invention 10 is designated to elevate the wrist 20 by supporting      the palm so the hand 24 is comfortably bent slightly downward and not in      the unnatural upward angle with the writs 20 resting on the surface area      thereby applying pressure thereto and affecting the related nerves and      arteries passing through the underside of the wrist 20 that is common in      the prior art. 
An implantable magnet that can freely turn in response to an external      magnetic field, thus avoiding torque and demagnetization on the      implantable magnet. The implantable magnet can be combined with an      electric switching function depending on the orientation of an external      magnetic field, thus protecting an implanted coil and/or implant      electronics against induction of over-voltage or performing an electric      switching function for other various purposes. The magnetic switch may      further include, for example, a first switching contact and a second      switching contact. A magnetically soft body that includes an electrically      conductive surface is shiftable between a first position where the body is      in simultaneous contact with the first and second switching contacts, and      a second position where the body is out of contact with at least one of      the first and second switching contacts. The body and the implantable      magnet are positioned such that the body is shifted to one of the first      position and the second position as a function of the external magnetic      field resulting in a magnetic force between the magnet and the      magnetically soft body. 
The present invention provides a wire lug arc vent barrier for protecting a      wire lug in a molded case circuit breaker, with the circuit breaker having      a housing with a terminal for a load connection and a terminal for a line      connection. The wire lug/arc vent barrier comprises a body having a first      end including a tang, a second end including an elongated finger and a      middle portion between the first end and the second end defining a concave      space, with an opening at each of the middle portion, wherein the body is      mounted in the housing. 
A unitary operating mechanism assembly for a circuit breaker that includes      a frame assembly having a planar member with a first pivot point located      thereon, a handle member rotatably attached to the frame assembly at the      first pivot point and structured to move between a first, closed position,      a second, open position having an intermediate position therebetween, and      a third, reset position, an operating arm coupled to the handle member and      structured to move between a first and second position, and a trip device      attached to the frame assembly and structured to move the handle member      between the first, closed position and the intermediate position upon the      occurrence of a predefined condition. The trip device causes the handle      member to rotate upon the occurrence of a predefined condition, such as an      overcurrent, thereby causing the operating arm to rotate and wherein none      of the components except the frame assembly is attached to the housing.      That is, the handle member, operating arm, or trip device are not attached      to a circuit breaker housing. 
A circuit breaker includes a molded case comprised of a case and a cover.      Terminal parts to be connected to a power supply and a load are provided      respectively at front and rear ends of the molded case. A control      mechanism for switching a movable contact is disposed between the front      and rear terminal parts. The cover is divided into three parts for      covering the control mechanism and the terminal parts disposed at front      and rear of the control mechanism, respectively. The front and rear parts      of the cover covering the terminal parts are detachably mounted on the      molded case as terminal covers. 
The present invention relates to an electrical relay in which a solid slug      is moved within a channel and used to make or break an electrical      connection. The solid slug is moved by electromagnets. In the preferred      embodiment, the slug is wetted by a conducting liquid, such as liquid      metal, that also adheres to wettable contact pads within the channel to      provide a latching mechanism. The relay is amenable to manufacture by      micro-machining techniques. 
The present invention relates to a rotary signal coupler, that is to say a      device for providing signal coupling between two components which are      rotatable relative to each other. A coupler is provided comprising a first      substantially circular track secured to a first support and a second      substantially circular track secured to a second support which is      rotatable relative to the first support. The first and second tracks are      coaxial with the axis of rotation of the rotatable second support and are      adjacent each other so as to provide signal coupling therebetween. The      second track has at least two gaps therein which form electrical      discontinuities between separated track portions. The separated track      portions are electrically connected to one another. Signal coupling with a      rotatable support having a relatively large diameter may be thereby      improved. 
According to an embodiment of the present invention, a capacitor comprising      field effect transistors and a bias transistor. 
A filter assembly includes a ceramic substrate. A die including a film bulk      acoustic resonator receive-band filter, positioned on the ceramic      substrate, having an input and an output, includes a plurality of film      bulk acoustic resonators. The filter assembly includes a first and a      second loop of current. The first loop includes a first wire bond      connected to the input of the die, and a second wire bond connected to a      first one of the plurality of film bulk acoustic resonators. The second      loop includes a third wire bond connected to the output of the die, and a      fourth wire bond connected to a second one of the plurality of film bulk      acoustic resonators, wherein the first loop induces parasitic current in      the second loop. The first and the second wire bonds are positioned      proximate to one another to minimize the area of the first loop, and the      third and the fourth wire bonds are positioned proximate to one another to      minimize the area of the second loop. 
A circuit for processing radio frequency signals. The circuit includes a      substrate where the circuit can be placed. The substrate can be a meta      material and can incorporate at least one dielectric layer. A quarter-wave      transformer and at least one ground can be coupled to the substrate. The      dielectric layer can include a first region with a first set of substrate      properties and a second region with a second set of substrate properties.      Substrate properties can include a permittivity and a permeability. A      substantial portion of the quarter-wave transformer can be coupled to the      second region. The permittivity and/or permeability of the second region      can be higher than the permittivity and/or permeability of the first      region. 
Systems and methods of pointing in hand-held devices are described. In      accordance with this scheme, a user may control the position where a      pointer is displayed on a display screen simply by changing the      orientation of the hand-held device relative to a currently preferred      device orientation, which is tracked automatically. In addition,      unintentional device orientation changes, such as periodic device      orientation changes that might be caused by carrying the hand-held device      while walking or driving, are filtered out dynamically. In this way, the      pointer may be positioned accurately and reliably at any one of a      plurality of pointer screen locations based upon changes in device      orientation under a wide variety of different usage conditions. 
An RF microcircuit package and interconnection device is disclosed which      minimizes impedance mismatch between circuit elements. Multiple signal via      and close proximity ground vias as well as tuned wire bonds are disclosed. 
An amplitude control device for a signal output by an oscillator includes a      rectification circuit for rectifying the output signal, and a differential      amplification circuit for generating a biasing current control signal for      the oscillator. The biasing current control signal is based upon the      output signal from the rectification circuit and a reference voltage. A      dividing bridge and an adder are designed so that only a fraction of the      reference voltage is used to define the amplitude of the oscillations. The      contribution made to the oscillator phase noise by the reference voltage      noise is considerably reduced. 
The present invention provides circuitry for maintaining the desired phase      noise across the tuning range of a frequency synthesizer by compensating      the voltage controlled oscillator (VCO) bias current according to various      tuning parameters available within the frequency synthesizer, thereby      reducing overall current drain and inductor quality factor requirements.      In general, the present invention includes a VCO bias circuit capable of      controlling the VCO bias current in response to a control signal provided      by additional circuitry based on the operating frequency of the frequency      synthesizer. Further, the VCO bias current changes in response to changing      the operating frequency of the frequency synthesizer. 
A voltage-controlled oscillator in which a tunable resonator (102) having a      first port (132) and a second port (106) is disclosed. In one embodiment,      the tunable resonator is a series resonating circuit having low driving      and load impedances. A power gain element (108) is coupled to the first      port and the second port, and an output port (110) is coupled to the power      gain element and the second port. The first impedance at the first and      second ports is less than approximately ten ohms. The voltage-controlled      oscillator is capable of generating a signal at the output port of greater      than approximately half a watt. 
A manufacturing method of voltage control oscillator (VCO) has the      following steps. Firstly, a baseboard having an opening is provided. Then,      an adjustable electronic device is installed on the baseboard, and an      adjustable area of the adjustable device faces the opening of the      baseboard. Also, a set of elements including a cover is installed on the      baseboard. Then, the adjustable area of the adjustable electronic device      is adjusted through the opening of the baseboard. Finally, the baseboard,      the adjustable electronic device, and the set of elements make up one      adjusted voltage control oscillator. The adjusted voltage control      oscillator is then installed on another circuit board, and the surface of      the circuit board and the opening form a sheltering space for the      adjustable area of the adjustable electronic device. 
An oscillation apparatus has a multi-mode dielectric resonant element; a      plurality of oscillation circuits, each including a line coupled to the      dielectric resonant element and active devices connected to ends of the      line; and a substrate having the lines and the active devices provided      thereon. The dielectric resonant element is placed on the substrate. The      magnetic fields, occurring in the dielectric resonant element, in a      plurality of resonant modes having different resonant frequencies are      coupled to the corresponding lines in the plurality of oscillation      circuits. 
A gain compensator compensates for the gain variation of a varactor-tuned      voltage tuned oscillator (VCO) in a phase lock loop (PLL). The VCO      includes a parallel LC circuit having multiple fixed capacitors that can      be switched-in or switched-out of the LC circuit according to a capacitor      control signal to perform band-select tuning of the VCO. The gain      compensator compensates for the variable VCO gain by generating a charge      pump reference current that is based on the same capacitor control signal      that controls the fixed capacitors in the LC circuit. The gain compensator      generates the charge pump reference current by replicating a reference      scale current using unit current sources. The number of times the      reference scale current is replicated is based on the fixed capacitance      that is switched-in to the LC circuit and therefore the frequency band of      the PLL. The reference scale current is generated based on a PLL control      that specifics certain PLL characteristics such as reference frequency,      loop bandwidth, and loop damping. Therefore, the reference pump current      can be efficiently optimized for changing PLL operating conditions, in      addition to compensating for variable VCO gain. 
A frequency response adjuster for a frequency responsive circuit, and a      method for tuning a frequency response of a circuit, are disclosed. The      adjuster may include a time constant sensor, wherein a charging state of      the frequency responsive circuit may be measured by, and output from, the      time constant sensor as a first voltage, a converter that samples the      first voltage and outputs a second voltage resultant from a conversion of      the first voltage by the converter, an array of trimming components, and a      selector that utilizes the second voltage to select at least one trimming      component from the array of trimming components. The method includes the      steps of sensing a time constant of the circuit, outputting the sensing as      a first voltage, sampling the first voltage over a fixed interval,      converting the sampled first voltage to a second voltage, and selecting,      utilizing the second voltage, at least one trimming component from an      array of trimming components. The time constant of the circuit may be      trimmed by the at least one trimming component selected. 
An apparatus comprising three sampling circuits to sample incoming data and      a quarter clock. A clock generation unit is included to generate at least      three sampling clocks from a local clock. Each of the three sampling      clocks are configured to sample the incoming data and the quarter clock. A      phase detector is also included to detect a phase difference between the      quarter clock and the local clock and to generate a recovered quarter      clock. A delay line is further included to delay the sampled incoming data      and the recovered quarter clock by the detected phase difference. 
An electrically tunable radio frequency (RF) amplifier includes a resonant      circuit having a voltage variable capacitance as one of its elements. In      one approach, a drain diffusion capacitance of one of the transistors      within the amplifier is used as the voltage variable capacitance. A      voltage adjustment unit is provided to adjust a bias voltage on the      voltage variable capacitance to change the capacitance value thereof and      thus modify the operating frequency range of the amplifier. In one      embodiment, the voltage adjustment unit also provides a power supply noise      blocking function. 

An electronic device has a case and a screen attached to the case. The      screen indicates a cursor position. The electronic device further has an      input device mounted to the case. The input device includes a curved      surface for detecting an object disposed on the curved surface using a      light path that transfers an image of the object to an optical sensor. The      optical sensor detects the movement of the object across the curved      surface and in response, the input device manipulates the cursor position. 
An equalizer circuit for equalizing first and second differential input      signals comprises a differential pair, a reactive load, and first and      second input followers. The differential pair defines first and second      input nodes and first and second output nodes, and the reactive load is      coupled to the differential pair. The first input follower circuit is      connected to the first input node of the differential pair and is operable      to receive the first differential input signal and to receive a first      feedback signal from the differential pair and in response to generate a      first input signal at the first input node of the differential pair. The      second input follower circuit is connected to the second input node of the      differential pair and is operable to receive the second differential input      signal and to receive a second feedback signal from the differential pair      and in response to generate a second input signal at the second input node      of the differential pair. 
Various embodiments of methods and apparatus for an amplifier with wide      output voltage swing are disclosed. The amplifier may include multiple      output stages, each associated with a distinct supply voltage. Each output      stage may contribute current to the output of the amplifier over a range      of amplifier output voltages and these ranges may overlap. Each output      stage may contribute current until the amplifier output voltage reaches      the supply voltage associated with that output stage. The amplifier output      may be as great as the largest supply voltage minus a drop equal to Rdson      for an output transistor multiplied by the output current. In a CMOS      implementation, this voltage drop may be approximately 0.15V. When the      amplifier output voltage is close to the supply voltage associated with an      output stage, both that output stage and the output stage associated with      the next highest supply voltage may contribute to the amplifier output. 
A final-stage power amplification transistor is formed of unit transistors      arranged in a mixed manner in a region in which the final output      amplification transistors for a multi-band power amplifier is formed.      Furthermore, an inductance element is connected between output signal      lines to which the final output stage transistors are coupled. Thus, the      final-stage transistors in a dual band power amplifier can be made free      from current concentration due to heat generation without impairing      inter-band isolation. 
A high frequency power amplifier circuit comprises an input circuit      receiving an input signal; a first cascode stage connected to the input      circuit and a DC voltage source and comprising at least one FET having a      source, a drain, and a gate; an second cascode stage comprising: at least      one bipolar transistor having an emitter, a collector and a base and being      supplied by the first cascode stage and receiving the input signal from      the first cascode stage, and a delimiting means, preferably a diode,      connected to the bipolar transistor and adapted to reduce the voltage      level at the drain of the FET or the emitter of the bipolar transistor      respectively; and an output circuit connected to the second cascode stage      and outputting an output signal. 
An amplifier includes multiple gain ranges. The gain range can be set by      electrically adding or removing load devices. 
A communication system comprising a power amplifier coupled to a detector      and further coupled to a Bias generator. The detector comprises a      controlled amplifier means for generating an output signal (Th_S), the      said signal Th_S being indicative for the power of an input signal and      having a controllable bias level. The Bias Generator comprises a Level      Sensitive Current Generator (LSCG) for generating a current (Cc)      controlled by the output signal Th_S. Said LSCG has a threshold level (TL)      such that when the output Th_S signal is lower than the TL the current Cc      is substantially zero. Otherwise the current Cc is linearly controlled by      the signal Th_S. The Bias Generator further comprises an adapter coupled      to the LSCG comprising a current controlled adapting means for generating      a control signal (C_S) for controlling a property of the amplifier, the      control signal C_S having a controllable linear dependency on the current      Cc. 
Provided is a system for implementing gain control in an amplification      module comprising a first stage amplifier having a number of first stage      input and output ports. The first stage amplifier is configured to provide      first stage amplification to a received input signal and produce from the      amplified input signal a number of output signals. Also included are a      number of second stage amplifiers, each having second stage input and      output ports, the second stage input ports being respectively coupled to      the first stage output ports and being configured to receive the number of      output signals. A gain control device is coupled to at least one from the      group including the first stage input ports, the first stage output ports,      and the second stage output ports. The gain control device is also      configured to control a gain of at least one of the first stage amplifier      and one or more of the number of second stage amplifiers. 
The amplifier device contains a first amplifier element having a first      input and a first output. The first output is fed back via a negative      feedback path to the input. The negative feedback path contains a      controlled current source which brings about a reduction in the noise and      also a real finite input impedance. 
The signal amplifier of this invention includes a noise amplifier that      amplifies a difference between a first ground potential and a second      ground potential, and an adding amplifier that superposes an analog input      signal on an output potential of the noise amplifier, and amplifies a      difference between the first ground potential and a potential having the      analog input signal and the output potential superposed. Thus, the adding      amplifier superposes the noises amplified by the noise amplifier on the      analog input signal, and thereafter amplifies the difference between the      first ground potential and the potential thus superposed. Thereby, the      signal amplifier is able to amplify only the analog input signal, without      amplifying the noises of the first ground potential or the second ground      potential. 
In a feedforward amplifier with a dual loop in which a distortion injection      path of a distortion elimination circuit 50 is provided as a feedforward      configuration composed of a first auxiliary amplifier distortion      elimination circuit 60 and a first auxiliary amplifier distortion      elimination circuit, a second variable attenuator 55 and a second variable      phase shifter 56 are provided preceding the distortion detection circuit      60, a second pilot signal injected between stages of a main amplifier 14      is detected by a directional coupler 85, and the second variable      attenuator 55 and the second variable phase shifter 56 are controlled by a      second controller 97 to minimize the level of the detected second pilot      signal, thereby bringing the distortion elimination circuit and the first      auxiliary distortion detection circuit into balance at the same time. 
A serial data cursor for extracting content from an analog waveform      representing a serial digital data stream has a horizontal length equal to      a word-time as determined by parameters of a protocol for the serial      digital data stream and a clock recovered from the serial digital data      stream. The serial data cursor delimits a portion of the analog waveform,      which is then decoded into human readable form, such as binary, octal,      hexadecimal, alpha-numeric or the like. A trigger may be generated from a      specific parameter of the protocol, such as a frame start, so that the      serial data cursor initially highlights a first data word of a frame of      the serial digital data stream. Alternatively the decoded portion of the      analog waveform may be compared to the specific parameter, and the serial      data cursor incremented by a bit-time until the specific parameter is      found in the serial digital data stream. 
A low noise amplifier (LNA) has a selectable bypass signal path integrated      into the same integrated circuit (IC) as the amplifier components. In a      normal mode of operation, an integrated mode switch allows an appropriate      biasing signal to be applied LNA transistors, which function to amplify an      input signal and produce an amplified output signal. In an attenuation      mode, which is activated to handle large input signals, the LNA      transistors are switched off and the input signal is attenuated by a      voltage divider, which provides an attenuated output on a signal path that      bypasses the LNA amplifier. An attenuation switching signal not only      operates the mode switch in the LNA, but also selects between the normal      and bypass outputs of the LNA, for further amplification downstream of the      LNA. 
The present invention includes a power amplifying stage having a power      amplifying element having a main electrode and a control electrode, and a      bias control circuit that is supplied with a bias switching voltage and an      operating point adjusting voltage for adjusting the bias voltage value to      the control electrode of the power amplifying element by the bias      switching voltage and the operating point adjusting voltage and hence      adjusting the operating point of the power amplifying element, wherein the      bias control circuit adjusts the operating point of the power amplifying      element by switching between supply and stop of the bias voltage to the      control electrode of the power amplifying element by the bias switching      voltage, and varying the bias voltage value to be supplied to the control      electrode of the power amplifying element by the operating point adjusting      voltage in phase. 
A power amplifier circuit for receiving a variable envelope input signal      and for producing an amplified output signal is provided. The power      amplifier circuit includes an envelope approximation circuit, an envelope      amplifier circuit, a phasor approximation circuit, a quadrature modulation      circuit, and a power amplifier. The envelope approximation circuit      receives the variable envelope input signal and produces a bandlimited      estimated envelope signal, corresponding to the amplitude of the variable      envelope input signal. The bandlimited estimated envelope signal is then      amplified by an envelope amplifier circuit. The amplified envelope signal      is then coupled to the supply input of the power amplifier. The phasor      approximation circuit receives the variable envelope input signal and      produces a bandlimited estimated phasor signal. The quadrature modulation      circuit receives the estimated phase signal and produces a modulated phase      signal. The modulated phase signal is then coupled to the signal input of      the power amplifier. The power amplifier then produces an amplified output      signal. 
A switched capacitor amplifier includes a pair of output capacitors,      providing high throughput suitable for pipestaged circuit applications.      During operation, the amplifiers may generate an evaluation output once      per clock cycle. During a first clock cycle, one of the two output      capacitors holds an evaluation potential to be output from the amplifier      and the second output capacitor both precharges and evaluates. During a      second clock cycle, the roles of the output capacitors reverse and the      second output capacitor holds the evaluation potential and the first      output capacitor precharges and evaluates. The invention is suitable for      use with a variety of amplifier topologies. 
The invention relates to an integrated circuit arrangement with an active      filter comprising transconductance stages, each being adjustable by means      of a bias current to be supplied, and comprising a tuning device for      tuning the filter, which tuning device adjusts the bias currents of the      transconductance stages, wherein the tuning device adjusts the bias      current of a first transconductance stage, for the purpose of achieving a      desired characteristic of this transconductance stage, and adjusts the      bias current of at least one further transconductance stage such that the      transconductance of this further transconductance stage deviates from the      transconductance of the first transconductance stage by a certain value. 
By supplying a clock signal from an OSC to four stages of boosting circuit      units connected in series, the boosting circuit units are rendered active.      A delay element is inserted in the line of the clock signal to prevent all      the boosting circuit units from being rendered active at the same time by      one clock signal. Since the boosting circuit unit is rendered active one      by one by the provision of the delay element, current congregation from      the power supply potential at the circuit element connected closest to the      input terminal of the boosting circuit unit of the first stage can be      prevented. Thus, a boosting circuit of a high boosting efficiency is      achieved. 
A semiconductor integrated circuit with stabilizing capacity has a voltage      drop circuit that drops a power supply voltage to a first voltage Vcc1 and      supplies the Vcc1 to a plurality of function blocks; a stabilizing      capacity that stabilizes the Vcc1; and a plurality of voltage switching      circuits each of which is provided in each of the function blocks and      selectively switches between the Vcc1 and a base voltage Vss to produce a      second voltage Vcc2 and supplies the Vcc2 to each function block, and each      of the function blocks forms a capacity for stabilizing an output of the      voltage drop circuit by means of its semiconductor structure by the Vcc1      and the Vcc2 applied thereto. 
In a fuse circuit including programmable fuses in a semiconductor      integrated circuit, the fuses store specific information related to the      semiconductor integrated circuit, such as redundancy information, wafer      lot number, die lot number, and die position on the wafer, etc. The fuse      circuit utilizes a plurality of fuses for storing identical bit      information. Consequently, in the case where a fuse has not been cut out      correctly, the fuse circuit can reduce programming defects, whereby defect      generation rates are remarkably decreased. 
The present invention relates to a high efficiency three-level inverter      apparatus containing both bipolar and field effect transistors. An      embodiment of a modified control scheme is also presented whereby      transistors are modulated differently for each quadrant of output      voltage-current phase. This embodiment of a modified control scheme allows      efficient switching of field effect transistors without additional      freewheeling and series diodes. 
A level shifter for low voltage operation includes two level shifting      stages. The first stage shifts the input voltage level to an intermediate      voltage level, and the second stage shifts the intermediate voltage level      to an output voltage level. This two-stage arrangement allows the level      shifter to function for very low input voltages, and enables functionality      across a wide range of output voltages. The first stage is designed to be      compatible with very low input voltages and the intermediate voltage level      is chosen to be within the safe operating limits of the first stage. The      intermediate voltage level is also high enough to drive the high voltage      devices of the second stage. This level shifter can be used where multiple      output voltage levels are required depending on the particular application      or operating mode. 
Methods, computer program products and systems are provided for executing a      function of a data processing computer system. The function may relate to      an object. The method may be performed by: displaying a graphical      representation of an object on a display device; receiving movement data      from an input device, identifying a matching movement pattern that matches      the cursor movement, which corresponds to the movement data; selecting a      function that relates to the matching movement pattern and the object; and      executing the function for the object. The identifying step can be      performed by measuring the cursor movement as changes of the cursor      coordinates occur. The result may then be compared to a plurality of      predefined reference movement patterns. One movement pattern may be      selected out of the plurality of reference movement patterns as the      matching movement pattern for the object. 
An ultracapacitor based power storage device suitable for use in hybrid      fuel cell systems and other power systems includes circuitry for      simulating the response of a battery. A voltage current limiting circuit      may be employed with a variety of electrical storage devices, for example,      ultracapacitors and batteries. 
A circuit arrangement for generating non-overlapping clock phases including      a first circuit, a second circuit, and a multiplexer. The first circuit      combines two input signals to form an output signal, and a first input      provides for application of a common clock signal. The second circuit      combines two input signals to form an output signal, and a first input      provides for application of the common clock signal. The multiplexer has a      first input connected to an output of the first circuit, a second input      connected to an output of the second circuit, and an output connected to a      second input of each of the first and second circuits, and has a third      input that switches between the first and second inputs of the multiplexer      for application of the clock signal. A plurality of non-overlapping clock      phases are provided by output signals of the first and second circuits and      of the multiplexer. 
An enveloping curve generator that guarantees one curve will overlap      another when both are going high and the other overlaps the first when      both are going low. When the input goes high, one steering FET is turned      off and the other directs the input signal to drive an output high. That      output going high after a delay drive the second output high. The second      output being high latches the states of the two outputs high. When the      input goes low, the off FET is turned on and the on FET is turned off. The      input signal is directed to drive the second output low and after a delay      the first output is driven low. The first output going low latches the      states of the two outputs low. 
A pulse-width controller (1800) is described. Pulse generators (1700L,      1700H) are coupled to receive clock signals (1320, 1321) and configured to      extend respective high-time and low-time pulse widths to provide signals      with lengthened pulse widths (1320P, 1321P). Control signals (1803, 1804)      are generated from pulse-width lengthened signals (1320P, 1321P). Clock      signals (1320, 1321) and the pulse-width lengthened signals (1320PB,      1321P, 1321PB) are provided to differential logic (1823 through 1828),      such as Differential Cascode Voltage Switch Logic, to provide a      differential output (1611, 1612) which is duty-cycle adjusted. The control      signals (1803, 1804) in combination with the pulse-width lengthened      signals (1320PB, 1321P, 1321PB) are used to selectively activate a      respective portion of the differential logic (1823 through 1828) to pass      signals to the differential output (1611, 1612). 
A frequency synthesizer for a programmable logic device includes a phase      alignment circuit that is controlled by an asynchronous level-mode state      machine. The state machine receives a start signal generated by the      circuits that determine a concurrence cycle when reference and generated      clock signals should be aligned. Then, at the concurrence cycle the state      machine replaces a generated clock edge with a reference clock edge to      bring the generated clock signal into hard phase alignment with the      reference clock signal. 
A circuit configuration for processing data, particularly a semiconductor      memory chip, has a control circuit for setting a phase or frequency      relationship between two signals. A digital counter detects a phase or      frequency difference between the two signals, and the counter reading is      used for regulating the phase or frequency relationship. Trials have shown      that the counter reading indicates an operating state in the circuit      configuration and therefore represents a simple signal for assessing the      operating state of the circuit configuration. Preferably, the counter      reading is taken as a basis for adjusting the speed or power of      time-critical or performance-critical circuit parts in the circuit      configuration so that an operating state with an intermediate switching      speed is obtained. 
A ramp capacitor CAP1 has a first terminal connected to a power supply      voltage VBAT. A generator circuit is connected to a second terminal of the      ramp capacitor and adapted to generate a voltage ramp at the terminals of      the ramp capacitor. The generator circuit includes a constant current      source SCC connected to the second terminal B12 of the ramp capacitor CAP1      and auxiliary circuit MAX adapted in the presence of a transient variation      of the power supply voltage to determine the transient current flowing in      the ramp capacitor and generated by the transient variation. Responsive      thereto, delivery is made to the second terminal B12 of the ramp capacitor      CAP1 of a charging current equal to the algebraic sum of the constant      current delivered by the constant current source and an auxiliary current      equal and opposite to the transient current. 
An input and output circuit of a semiconductor device is disclosed having      an output buffer including first and second pull-up transistors connected      in series between the power supply voltage and the pad, first and second      pull-down transistors connected in series between the pad and the ground      voltage, a pre-driver for pulling up or down a voltage of the pad when an      output enable signal is enabled and for switching off the first and second      pull-up transistors and the first and second pull-down transistors when      the output enable signal is disabled, and a first circuit for adjusting      voltage differences between respective gates and respective sources/drains      of the first and second pull-up transistors and the first and second      pull-down transistors to be below a predetermined voltage level in      response to the first, second and third control signals under power on or      power off conditions; and an input buffer including a transmission gate      for transmitting an input signal applied to the pad to a first node in      response to the first control signal, third, fourth and fifth pull-up      transistors connected in series between the power supply voltage and a      second node and having corresponding gates connected to a third node, the      pad and the first node, respectively, a third pull-down transistor      connected between the second node and the ground voltage and having a gate      connected to the first node, a second circuit for adjusting voltage      differences between respective gates and respective sources/drains of the      third, fourth and fifth pull-up transistors and the third pull-down      transistor to be below a predetermined voltage in response to the first      and third control signals if the high voltage is applied to the pad under      either power on or power off conditions. 
As devices are often different in the characteristics from one another,      semiconductor chips based on the devices have discrepancies in the      performance. A semiconductor device having a semiconductor switching      element and a drive controlling means (1) for generating from input      signals (A) and (B) drive signals (a) and (b) to control the action of the      semiconductor switching element is provided comprising a characteristic      compensating means (2) for generating from a characteristic compensation      input signal a compensation signal to eliminate variations in the      transmission delay time of the drive controlling means (1). 
A charge/discharge current detection circuit includes a detection      resistance that converts a charge current and a discharge current to a      detection voltage, a level shifter circuit that level-shifts the detection      voltage by a predetermined value, and an amplifier circuit that amplifies      an output voltage of the level shifter circuit and outputs the amplified      output voltage of the level shifter circuit. The level shifter circuit      applies to the detection voltage a predetermined divided voltage obtained      by resistance-dividing a reference voltage, to thereby level-shift the      detection voltage. 
The present invention comprises an electromagnetophoretic ink material for      use as electronic and magnetic display elements. In particular, the      present invention relates to the preparation and use of microencapsulated      aspect elements having both an electrostatic layer and a magnetic layer,      and that can be addressed to produce a display aspect by the application      of external electric fields and external magnetic fields. 
A digital fractional phase detector is shown that uses a phase error      detector for generating a phase error signal based on the phase difference      between a reference clock signal and a feedback clock signal. A quantizer      directly measures the pulse width of a phase error signal and outputs the      value in a digital form. By directly measuring the phase error signal,      quantization accuracy is increased. In order to calibrate the digital      fractional phase detector, a calibration pulse generator generates a      calibration pulse of a known duration and passes it to the quantizer. 
A method and apparatus for evaluating logical inputs electronically using      electronic logic circuits in monotonic dynamic-static pseudo-NMOS      configurations. The apparatus includes alternating dynamic and static      circuit portions adapted to transition monotonically in response to a      common clock (or complemented clock) signal. The circuit portions include      pseudo-NMOS configured switching circuits implementing logical functions. 
A dual-rail static logic gate with a self cut-off mechanism is disclosed.      In an embodiment, the output of the first rail is coupled to the input of      the pull-up device of the second rail and vice versa. The cross-coupling      allows the self cut-off mechanism of the static gate to function properly      and provides for components which have lower capacitance than conventional      static gates. The lower capacitance results in a faster static gate. 
A bulk input differential logic circuit. The circuit outputs a large signal      high enough to assert a logic High and Low by variations of the threshold      voltage controlled by the bulk input signal and amplification of the sense      amplifier. A boost circuit is disposed on the bulk input terminal, which      may receive multiple bulk input signals. This makes it possible to use      fewer circuit elements and smaller circuit area for a complicated logic      operation. 
A mixed-voltage I/O buffer circuit that prevents leakages through a driver      stage PMOS transistor is provided. The buffer circuit has a first part      that prevents leakage through a parasitic diode of the transistor and a      second part that prevents leakage through the transistor when the      transistor is turned on by a signal on a bonding pad having a voltage      level higher than a power supply voltage of the buffer circuit. The buffer      circuit provides biases approximately equal to the high voltage signal to      a gate and a substrate terminal of the PMOS transistor when the bonding      pad has the high voltage signal thereon, and provides a bias approximately      equal to the power supply voltage of the buffer circuit to the gate and      substrate of the PMOS transistor when the bonding pad has a low voltage      signal thereon. 
A method and circuit that supplies valid logic values at an end of a      transmission line for sampling on high speed interfaces, such as HSTL and      SSTL, during reset. The circuit may include operational amplifiers and      resistors. 
A driver structure for an I/O buffer circuit is disclosed. The driver      structure includes a pre-push-pull driver and a post-push-pull driver. A      delay circuit along is connected in series between the input signals of      the pre-push-pull driver and the post-push-pull driver. After a delay time      following a transition of the input signal, the circuit operation of the      post-push-pull driver is turned off before the amplitude of the output      signal reaches its maximum overshooting. This changes the output      conductivity to inhibit the overshooting in the output signal, preventing      power bounce and ground bounce at the receiving end. 
The speed of a level shifter is increased by utilizing an additional      transistor to pull down the voltage on a first intermediate node, and an      additional transistor to pull down the voltage on a second intermediate      node. In addition, a precharge circuit is utilized to precharge the      voltage on the first and second intermediate nodes to further increase the      speed of the level shifter. 
Structures and techniques are provided for allowing one or more of the      following actions to occur within a Complex Programmable Logic Device      (CPLD): (1) Elective use of a fast, allocator-bypassing path (e.g., a fast      5-PT path) in combination with in-block simple or super-allocation; (2)      Elective use of an OSM-bypassing path for signals that do not need      pin-consistency; (3) Automatic re-routing of output enable signals that      corresponding to output signals which are re-routed for pin-consistency      purposes; (4) Global distribution of globally-usable output enable      signals; (5) Elective use of two-stage steering to develop complex      sum-of-clusters terms where fast path or simple allocation will not be      sufficient; and (6) Use of unidirectional super-allocation with stage-2      wrap-around in designs having about 24 or less macrocell units per logic      block. Techniques are provided for concentrating the development of      complex function signals (e.g., .ltoreq.80PTs) within singular logic      blocks so that the development of such complex function signals does not      consume inter-block interconnect resources. One CPLD configuring method      includes the machine-implemented steps of first identifying      middle-complexity functions that are achievable by combined simple or      super-allocation based development in one logic block and fast-path      completion in the same or a second logic block; and configuring the CPLD      to realize one or more of the functions identified in the first      identification step by simple or super-allocation based development in one      logic block and fast-path completion in the same or a second logic block. 
A logic block in a field programmable gate array comprises a plurality of      clusters of logic devices. At least one of the logic devices in each of      the clusters has an input or an output. A first set of interconnect      conductors enters the logic block from a first side and forming a      programmable intersection with the input or the output of at least one of      the logic devices in each of the clusters. A second set of interconnect      conductors enters the logic block from a second side and forming a      programmable intersection with the input or output of one of the logic      devices in each cluster, the first set of interconnect conductors forming      a pairwise hardwired connection with the second set of interconnect      conductors. An interconnect conductor splitting extension is disposed      between the first set of interconnect conductors and the second set of      interconnect conductors. 
A transfer circuit 25 includes two sets of an input circuit 52A and an      output circuit 53B, which allows bidirectional transfer. The input circuit      52A decomposes external input data signals DI11A and DI12A to signals on      lines L11 to L14 in synchronism with a clock signal CLK in order to reduce      the frequency thereof. The output circuit 53B composes the decomposed      signals in synchronism with the clock signal CLK to regenerate the      original signals and output them as external output data signals DO11B and      DO12B. Signals on either the lines L11 to L14 or L21 to L24 are selected      by a multiplexer 57 to provide to a main body circuit. 
The present invention comprises a field programmable gate array that has a      plurality of dedicated first-in/first-out memory logic components. The      field programmable gate array includes a plurality of synchronous random      access memory blocks that are coupled to a plurality of dedicated      first-in/first-out memory logic components and a plurality of random      access memory clusters that are programmably coupled to the plurality of      dedicated first-in/first-out memory logic components and to the plurality      of synchronous random access memory blocks. 
Power dissipation of a semiconductor integrated circuit chip is reduced      when it is operated at an operating voltage of 2.5 V or below. A switching      element is provided in each circuit block within the chip. Constants of      the switching element are set so that leakage current in each switching      element in their off-state is smaller than the subthreshold current of MOS      transistors within the corresponding circuit block. Active current is      supplied to active circuit blocks, while switching elements of non-active      circuit blocks are turned off. Thus, dissipation currents of non-active      circuit blocks are limited to leakage current value of corresponding      switching elements. Thus, the sum of dissipation currents of non-active      circuit blocks is made smaller than the active current in the active      circuit blocks. As a result, power dissipation in the semiconductor      integrated circuit chip can be reduced even in the active state. 
A bus architecture for the application of data transmission between      distinct integrated circuits. The bus architecture includes at least one      transmission line connecting with I/O pin of ICs for transmitting data. In      a middle point of the transmission line, there is a middle resistor with a      resistance value preferably equal to the characteristic impedance of the      transmission line. In addition, there are internal pull-up resistors      within the ICs, which has a first end coupled to the I/O pin and a second      end coupled to the voltage source. Each pull-up resistor has a resistance      value higher than the characteristic impedance of the transmission line,      for example, 2 or 3 times of the characteristic impedance, for suppressing      the rising edge ringback. 
The present system comprises a radiation tolerant programmable logic device      having logic modules and routing resources coupling together the logic      modules. Configuration data lines providing configuration data control the      programming of the logic modules and the routing resources. Error      correction circuitry coupled to the configuration data lines analyzes and      corrects any errors in the configuration data that may occur due to a      single event upset (SEU). The present system also comprises a method for correcting errors in a      programmable logic device having configuration data to program the      programmable logic device. The method comprises a background reading of      the configuration data. Next, the configuration data is analyzed for      errors. Finally, the configuration data is then corrected and the      configuration data is rewritten if errors are located. 
The invention is a test apparatus incorporating high current test pins,      forced into contact with a circuit assembly under test by opposing      compliant pressure pins. An advantageous test pin for low voltage, high      current testing is a solid, one piece test pin. The solid test pin, when      supplied with adequate contact force, provides both low resistance and low      inductance. The required compliant force is applied to the test circuit,      opposite and substantially in line with the solid test pin, by a compliant      pressure pin. Since the test pin does not supply the compliant force, it      can be designed primarily for the desired electrical parameters of the      test contact. The only mechanical considerations for the conductive solid      pin are the amount of desired surface contact area, the dominant      mechanical parameter in setting the contact resistance, and the body      dimensions, which determine the resistance and inductance of the pin      itself. And since, the opposing compliant pressure pin is not part of the      electrical test circuit, it can be designed for its mechanical properties      alone. The advantage of the conductive pin--compliant pressure pin pair      over the prior art compliant pin is that the compliant element, usually a      spring, is no longer part of the test circuit. Also, a much higher contact      force is achievable, resulting in significantly lower contact resistance. 
The integrated circuit teat system and method prevent the occurrence of      frost under a very low temperature environment during the exchange of      integrated circuits under environmental testing and allows for the      continuous testing thereof. The integrated circuit test system comprises a      test chamber, a portion of which is adapted to interface with a tester      having a circuit panel. An auxiliary chamber is adjacent the test chamber,      the auxiliary chamber including a first door between the auxiliary chamber      and the test chamber, the auxiliary chamber further including a second      door between the auxiliary chamber and an external region, the auxiliary      chamber for receiving a sample prior to and following a test. A transfer      unit is also in the chamber, for transferring the sample between the test      chamber and the auxiliary chamber through the first door. Accordingly, the      time consumed during the exchange of testing samples is shortened. In      addition the sample and respective test system components are prevented      from being damaged by maintaining a low moisture environment. 
A single gas tight system may perform multi-functions including reducing      the thickness of oxides on contact pads and probing, testing, burn-in,      repairing, programming and binning of integrated circuits. A holding      fixture holds a wafer having integrated circuits and aligns the wafer to a      full-substrate probing device. A temperature control device is used to      heat the wafer during an oxide reduction process or during burn-in of the      wafer. During the oxide reduction process, hydrogen is introduced into the      chamber, and the wafer is heated so that the oxides on the contact pads      can combine with hydrogen to form water vapor, thus reducing the thickness      of the oxides. A computer analyzes the test and/or burn-in data and      provides control signals for repairing or programming the integrated      circuits. 
A method and system for probing with electrical test signals on an      integrated circuit specimen using a scanning electron microscope (SEM)      positioned for observing a surface of the specimen exposing electrically      conductive terminals on the specimen. A carrier is provided for supporting      the specimen in relation to the scanning electron microscope while a      computer acquires an image identifying conductive path indicia of the      surface of the specimen from the scanning electron microscope. A motorized      manipulator remotely controlled by the computer manipulates a plurality of      probes position able on the surface of the specimen for conveying      electrical test signals inside a vacuum chamber inner enclosure which      houses the scanning electron microscope, the carrier, the motorized      manipulator and the plurality of probes for analyzing the specimen in a      vacuum. A feed through on the vacuum chamber couples electrical signals      from the computer to the motorized manipulator and the plurality of      probes. The computer communicates with the motorized manipulator for      positioning the plurality of probes, and for applying electrical test      signals to the terminals on the specimen using the image acquired by the      computer to identify the electrically conductive terminals from the      conductive path indicia of the surface of the specimen observed with the      scanning electron microscope. 
A large array probe/contact having spring characteristics for relieving      stress in the contact caused, for example, by temperature change is      fabricated using a unique combination of semiconductor fabrication      operations. The contacts in the array have a U shaped resilient portion,      are fixed at one end to a substrate and have an accessible low electrical      noise contact tip. The contacts are encapsulated on the substrate in an      elastomer to provide additional stress relief resilience, support and      protection from damage during handling. 
In a probe card assembly, a series of probe elements can be arrayed on a      silicon space transformer. The silicon space transformer can be fabricated      with an array of primary contacts in a very tight pitch, comparable to the      pitch of a semiconductor device. One preferred primary contact is a      resilient spring contact. Conductive elements in the space transformer are      routed to second contacts at a more relaxed pitch. In one preferred      embodiment, the second contacts are suitable for directly attaching a      ribbon cable, which in turn can be connected to provide selective      connection to each primary contact. The silicon space transformer is      mounted in a fixture that provides for resilient connection to a wafer or      device to be tested. This fixture can be adjusted to planarize the primary      contacts with the plane of a support probe card board. 
Disclosed is a liquid crystal optical device which produces a color display      by using a light source mounted behind a liquid crystal panel and capable      of emitting a plurality of different colors, wherein the period from the      time the light source mounted on the back emits one color to the time the      light source switches to the next color is set as a scanning period, and      the scanning period comprises a selection period (Se), a non-selection      period (NSe), and a reset period (Rs), the length of the reset period      being equal to one half the scanning period, and wherein a black display      state is effected in the reset period (Rs). 
A probe card conveyor 10 comprises a probe card conveyor 10, a body 12      provided with the probe card conveyor 10, and coupling mechanisms 13      provided in a plurality of positions on that side of the body 12 which is      opposed to the probe device 20 and coupled individually to four coupled      fittings 22 of the probe device 20. Further, the probe card conveyor 10      comprises a probe card mounting mechanism 17 for transferring a probe card      21 in the Y-direction and a lift mechanism 18 for raising and lowering the      probe card mounting mechanism 17. 
A semiconductor device includes a plurality of semiconductor integrated      circuits formed on a semiconductor wafer; an testing pad for inputting and      outputting a signal to and from an internal circuit of the semiconductor      integrated circuit; a switch for switching a state of a connection between      the semiconductor integrated circuit and the testing pad; and a wiring      pattern formed on a parting line around the semiconductor integrated      circuit and connected to an input terminal of the switch. When the      semiconductor integrated circuits are separated, cutting off of the wiring      pattern causes the switch to be turned off, so that the internal circuit      is prevented from being affected by the influence of the cutting plane. 
A membrane probing assembly includes a probe card with conductors supported      thereon, wherein the conductors include at least a signal conductor      located between a pair of spaced apart guard conductors. A membrane      assembly includes a membrane with contacts thereon, and supporting at      least a signal conductor located between a pair of spaced apart guard      conductors. The guard conductors of the probe card are electrically      interconnected proximate the interconnection between the probe card and      the membrane assembly. The guard conductors of the membrane assembly are      electrically interconnected proximate the interconnection between the      probe card and the membrane assembly. 
A method and apparatus for reducing the parachuting of a probe used in an      atomic force microscope. The apparatus includes an oscillating probe, a      phase detection circuit coupled to the oscillating probe, and a probe      drive boosting circuit coupled to the phase detection circuit and the      probe, wherein the phase detection circuit detects a reduction of a      variation of a phase signal from the probe and the probe drive boosting      circuit boosts a signal to the probe based on the phase signal detected by      the phase detection circuit to produce a boosted probe drive signal. The      phase detection circuit includes a precision full wave rectifier, and an      envelope detector coupled to the precision full wave rectifier, wherein      the precision full wave rectifier rectifies a phase signal of the probe to      produce a rectified phase signal and the envelope detector detects the      rectified phase signal to produce an envelope detected signal. The phase      detection circuit further includes a comparator coupled to the envelope      detector, and an event detector and hold off circuit coupled to the      comparator, wherein the comparator and the event detector and hold off      circuit generate an event signal from the envelope detected signal. 
A system for monitoring water concentration in gaseous sample is disclosed.      It is readily applicable in the synthesis of biopolymer arrays/microarrays      involving the use of water-sensitive reagents. A flow cell is provided in      which a capacitance sensor is placed separate from a production or      synthesis environment. Sample and dry gas may be provided to the flow cell      via conduits and valves or a manifold system. Dry gas, such as N.sub.2, is      used to dry the sensor or simply to maintain it in a dried condition. The      same gas may be used to drive an optional venturi pump to draw sample for      measurement into the cell from the synthesis environment. 
Apparatus for dispensing paper from rolls which feeds continuously, roll to      roll, and does not require extra procedure to bring stub roll into      position. The apparatus holds and positions at least first and second      rolls of paper with respect to each other; dispenses paper from the first      roll; dispenses paper from the first and second rolls simultaneously when      the first roll reduces to a predetermined diameter of paper, positions the      depleted first roll for replacement without the necessity of removing the      second roll; and dispenses from the second and replacement rolls      simultaneously when the second roll reduces to a predetermined diameter of      paper. The apparatus also has a proximity sensor, which senses when a hand      is placed near the dispenser, and thereupon dispenses a set amount of      towel. The proximity sensor incorporates static and noise immunity      circuitry. 
A method and apparatus for measuring changes induced in an inductive field      on a wire-loop of an oscillator circuit based upon variations in a current      function without the need to measure frequency changes. Induced noise has      independent effects upon the current function and voltage function of an      inductance measurement circuit. By inductively coupling one input and      directly coupling the second input of a comparator circuit to the      inductance measurement circuit, the phase of the current function can be      adjusted to coincide with the phase of the voltage function. By combining      the voltage function with the current function, an output isolating the      induced noise from the measured inductance is obtained. 
A high-precision, multi-port compatible, relative correction method and      apparatus for correcting measurement errors covering an increase in the      number of ports of a non-coaxial electronic component, in which a relative      correction adapter 31 is provided that is formed of a two-port network      connected to each port of a production test fixture 5B adjacent to a      measurement apparatus. The relative correction adapter has a      characteristic that modifies the electrical characteristics generated by      the production test fixture 5B having an electronic component under test      mounted thereon into electrical characteristics generated by a standard      test fixture 5A having the electronic component under test mounted      thereon. An error factor of the relative correction adapter 31 is      identified from a standard test fixture measurement value and a production      test fixture measurement value of a correction data acquisition specimen      11B. A production test fixture measurement value of the electronic      component under test 11A is corrected with the error factor of the      relative correction adapter 31 to thereby obtain the standard test fixture      measurement value of the electronic component under test 11A which is      assumed to be obtained when the electronic component under test 11A. 
A timing output panel may include a rear portion and a front portion. The      rear portion may include a number of network connectors respectively      configured to connect to a number of network elements, and at least one      timing connector connected to the number of network connectors and      configured to connect to synchronization electronics. The front portion      may include a number of equipment jacks corresponding to and electrically      connected to the number of network connectors. The equipment jacks may      facilitate temporary connection of cables for testing or patching signals      to the network elements. The front portion also may include a number of      timing jacks corresponding to and electrically connected to the at least      one timing connector. The timing jacks may facilitate temporary connection      of cables for testing the synchronization electronics or patching to the      equipment jacks. 
In order to monitor a state of a battery, a threshold value of an internal      impedance of the battery is first determined. It is prepared an      approximate expression indicating a correlation between a residual      capacity of the battery and an internal impedance of the battery which is      greater than the threshold value. The internal impedance of the battery is      then measured. When the measured internal impedance is the threshold value      or less, the residual capacity is determined as an initial value. When the      measured internal impedance is greater than the threshold value, the      residual capacity is monitored with the approximate expression. 
A liquid crystal display (LCD) device having a first substrate and a second      substrate with liquid crystal sealed therebetween, includes a plurality of      gate lines and data lines crossing each other on the first substrate; a      gate driving section for driving the gate lines; a source driving section      for precharging the data lines for a first time and supplying video      signals to the data lines; and a precharge circuit section for precharging      the data lines for a second time. 
A method for avoiding an inground obstacle at a known depth, using a      steerable boring tool which transmits a dipole locating signal, said      method comprising the steps of: positioning the boring tool in a first      position at a forward distance to the obstacle; measuring a signal      strength of said locating signal at a location above the inground obstacle      which corresponds to a field defined forward point of the locating signal      such that the signal strength is representative of the depth of the boring      tool at said forward distance from the obstacle; with said boring tool at      said first position, determining a pitch orientation of the boring tool;      determining a predicted depth of the boring tool based on at least      generally straight movement of the boring tool by said forward distance      toward the inground obstacle, said signal strength and said pitch      orientation; and based on the predicted depth of the boring tool and the      known depth of the obstacle, steering the boring tool in a way that is      intended to avoid the obstacle. 
An above ground locator includes an apparatus for determining the strength      of the locating signal at a selected point relative to the boring tool.      The apparatus includes an antenna arrangement configured for measuring the      strength of the locating signal at the selected point along first and      second orthogonally opposed receiving axes to produce first and second      received signals. A phase shifting arrangement phase shifts the first and      second received signals in a predetermined way to generate first and      second phase shifted signals, respectively. Thereafter, a summing      arrangement adds the first and second phase shifted received signals to      generate an output signal which is a vector sum of the first and second      received signals. In one feature, third and fourth signals derived from      the first and second signals are used to eliminate balance point ambiguity      which is present using the first and second signals alone. In another      feature, signals corresponding to first, second, third and fourth axes are      compared in a way which confines the possible locations of an above ground      point to one particular type of region out of a plurality of different      types of regions. Tracking of the boring tool may be accomplished in a      number of described ways since the regions occur in a specific sequence      along the intended path with respect to the location of the boring tool. 
A nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy probe has a sample cell      into and out of which a room temperature liquid sample may be directed.      The cell is surrounded by a radio frequency coil that is used to perform      NMR measurements of the liquid sample, and which is maintained at      cryogenic temperatures. The coil is separated from the sample cell by a      thermally insulative boundary, such as a vacuum. The sample may enter the      cell through an input path, and may exit through an output path. The input      path, output path and sample cell may be surrounded by a sheath through      which flows room temperature gas. The ends of the sample cell may be      tapered to promote thorough flow through the cell, and flow diverters may      be included in the sample cell adjacent to the input and output paths to      force flow to the outer wall of the sample cell. 
At least one reference plane, but preferably three orthogonal reference      planes (A, C, S) are defined in a magnetic resonance imaging method. A cut      plane is chosen so as to extend at an angle to one (single oblique) (SO)      or two (double oblique) (DO) of the reference planes. One side of the      field of view within the cut plane remains parallel to one (of the)      reference plane (planes). A cross-sectional magnetic resonance image along      the cut plane is reconstructed from magnetic resonance signals. 
A solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) method for investigating a      sample material, which contains protons H and also spin-1/2 hetero nuclei      X, uses a sample material rotated at the magic angle. The method comprises      the steps of increasing the equilibrium polarization of X; eliminating (2)      proton magnetization; transferring polarization from X to H; and recording      the proton signals (8) under a condition of line narrowing. A radio      frequency (RF) pulse sequence effects polarization transfer between X and      the closest protons H, via dipole coupling with coupling constant      D.sub.XH. A parameter, which is associated with the transfer process, is      varied to determine the dipole coupling constant D.sub.XH and thereby      permits precise determination of the binding separation X--H, even when      the concentration of X is small compared to H. 
In a method for evaluating a time signal that is generated as a magnetic      resonance signal by means of magnetic resonance technology and that      contains spectroscopic information, an apodized time signal is formed by      multiplying the time signal by a bell-shaped window function, an apodized      spectrum is formed by Fourier transformation of the apodized time signal,      an apodized informational spectrum is generated by removing noise      components from the apodized spectrum, an apodized informational time      signal is formed by Fourier back-transformation of the apodized      informational spectrum, and an informational time signal is formed by      multiplying the apodized informational time signal by an inverse function      that corresponds in at least one section to the inverse window function. 
A slotted NMR antenna cover for improved mechanical ruggedness during      transmission and reception of NMR signals in a down hole environment      during either MWD or wire line operations. A NMR slotted antenna cover is      provided comprising an elongated tubular structure with longitudinal gaps      or slots filled with a RF transmissive or non-conductive material. The      slots can befilled at the slot ends with soft magnetic material to improve      efficiency of the antenna. The slots are radial concave to reduce eddy      currents induced by alternating magnetic flux entering and leaving the      slots surrounding the antenna. In another embodiment, the antenna cover is      RF transmissive on only a portion of the antenna, via slots or      transmissive material, so that the antenna cover can be used to allow RF      transmission from the antenna in a side looking or beam pattern restricted      mode only. 
A method for processing Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) well logging data      in the presence of coherent transient signals and offsets is disclosed.      The method comprises the addition of R and X-Channel transients and      offsets to the relaxation model appropriate for a user selected pulse      sequence. The effects of the ringing and offsets are automatically      compensated for by fitting R and X-Channel spin-echo data to the      relaxation model. 
An apparatus for detecting the presence of metal material in a      semiconductor wafer. The apparatus comprises: (i) a current-carrying coil      for generating a first magnetic field, wherein the first magnetic field is      capable of causing the metal material in the semiconductor wafer to      generate an opposing magnetic field; and (ii) a detection circuit for      detecting the opposing magnetic field generated by the metal material when      the semiconductor wafer is in proximity to the current-carrying coil. 
A Position Sensor comprises: one or more excitation windings; a signal      generator adapted to apply excitation signals to the or each excitation      winding; tag means displaceable relative to said excitation windings; one      or more sensor windings electromagnetically coupled to said excitation      windings such that in response to said excitation signals being applied to      said excitation windings, there is generated sensed signal in the or each      sensor winding; and a signal processor adapted to process said sensed      signals to determine the position of said tag means in any location in the      X, Y and Z planes essentially in accordance with phase values or in      accordance with phase values and amplitude values. 
An active matrix type display device comprising a plurality of pixels      arranged in a matrix form, wherein each of the plurality of pixels      comprises a display element, a second TFT for supplying power from a      driving power supply line to the display element, and a first TFT for      controlling the second TFT based on a data signal supplied from a data      line when selected, and the driving power supply line extends across the      pixel region. More specifically, of opposing first and second sides of a      pixel, in a section where the first TFT is connected to the data line, the      driving power supply line is placed on the second side, being the side      opposite the data line, and in a section where the second TFT is connected      to the driving power supply line, the driving power supply line is placed      on the first side. In this manner, pixels provided in positions shifted      for each row can be connected with a simple wiring layout. 
A system and method for detecting the position of an object are disclosed.      A position detection system for locating an object including a resonator      comprises an array of parallel conductors responsive to the magnetic field      from the resonator, and a plurality of receivers each associated with a      parallel conductor. The array of parallel conductors is configured to      locate the object along a measurement path. The array of parallel      conductors is orthogonal to the measurement path. The system further      comprises a plurality of drivers each associated with a parallel conductor      and configured to drive current through to produce an energizing field.      The array of parallel conductors is provided with sinusoidally varying      spacing and driven with sinusoidally varying current. In another      embodiment, the array of parallel conductors is provided with constant      spacing, and the receivers are configured with gain factors to produce      reception similar to reception by sinusoidally spaced conductors. The      array of parallel conductors may be driven with three-phase currents to      eliminate stationary null points in the energizing field along the lengths      of the parallel conductors. A method of detecting position of an object      including a resonator comprises providing an array of parallel conductors,      providing a plurality of receivers, and associating each of the receivers      with a parallel conductor. 
A system for producing a signal as a function of a rotational speed of a      wheel includes an exciter, which includes a plurality of teeth, secured to      the wheel. A cover has a first end facing the exciter. An active sensing      element is within the cover and positioned away from the first end of the      cover by at least about 10% of a total length of the cover. The teeth pass      by the first end of the cover and the active sensing element at a rate      proportional to the rotational speed of the wheel. The active sensing      element producing signals as a function of the rate the teeth pass the      active sensing element. An air pocket within the cover maintains the      active sensing element below a predetermined temperature. 
An airbag deployment sensor has a cartridge containing a quantity of tape      one end of which is attached to the inside surface of an airbag cushion.      Deployment of the cushion pulls tape from the cartridge at a rate that is      monitored by transmitting light through the tape, or by detecting the      presence of metalized, or magnetic shielding portions, of the tape. 
A characterization method for a device under test includes applying a bias      voltage to a test circuit. The test circuit includes a first transistor      coupled to the device under test, a second transistor coupled to the      device under test and to the first transistor. A third transistor is      coupled to a dummy device, a fourth transistor is coupled to the dummy      device and to the third transistor. The transistors are of a common type.      The characterization method further includes applying non-overlapping      clocking signals to transistors of the test circuit to produce test      signals for application to the device under test and detecting a current      in one or more transistors from the device under test. The bias voltage is      further varied to characterize the device under test. 
A system for positioning a test head for compliantly docking the test head      with a prober, handler, or other peripheral for automatically testing      electronic components. The system includes a plurality of backdrivable      linear actuators. Each actuator has a first end mechanically coupled to      the test head and a second end mechanically coupled to a support for      holding the test head, for example, a manipulator. In a first mode, a      control system applies inputs to the actuators for variably extending the      actuators to establish a desired position of the test head relative to the      support. The desired position is generally a centered position of the test      head within a compliance range; however, it may also be a non-centered      position that tends to align the test head with the peripheral. In a      second mode, the control system stops varying the input to the actuator.      The actuator tends to maintain its position, but complies with external      forces applied to the test head. In the second mode, the actuators can be      driven in compliance with external forces both forward and backward, and      provide only slight resistance to movement in both directions. The      disclosed system for positioning a test head is particularly useful for      providing compliant docking with extremely heavy test heads. 
A presently-preferred embodiment of an electrical-energy meter comprises a      base adapted to be mounted on a supporting surface, a current sensor      assembly comprising a plurality of contact blades extending through the      base and adapted to electrically contact a conductor of electrical energy,      and a current transformer mechanically coupled to the base and      electrically coupled to the contact blades. The electrical-energy meter      further comprises a circuit board assembly comprising a main circuit board      electrically coupled to the current transformer and the contact blades.      The electrical-energy meter also comprises a circuit-board support member      comprising a rim portion fixedly coupled to the base, and a first bracket      adjoining the rim portion. The first bracket has a first and a second leg      each extending away from the rim portion and the base and each being      adapted to securely engage the main circuit board. 
A process for measuring depth of a source and drain of a MOS transistor.      The MOS transistor is formed on a semiconductor substrate on which a      trench capacitor is formed and a buried strap is formed between the MOS      transistor and the trench capacitor. The process includes the following      steps. First, resistances of the buried strap at a plurality of different      depths are measured. Next, a curve correlating the resistances with the      depths is established. Next, slopes of the resistance to the depth for the      curve are obtained. Finally, a depth corresponding to a minimum resistance      before the slope of the resistance to the depth reaches to zero is      obtained. 
In a single wire underwater power distribution system, parallel branching      nodes are added in a manner that makes the branch connection and branch      line look like a series node to the shore based power source. The primary      side of a DC--DC converter functioning as an ideal transformer working      down to DC is connected into the series line where a branching series line      is desired. One side of the secondary creates the branched series path.      The other side of the secondary goes to seawater ground, establishing a      new local seawater ground. 
A reference voltage source for an integrated circuit includes a first      voltage reference that is adjustable, a second voltage reference, a      differential sensing device to compare a voltage provided by the first      voltage reference to a voltage provided by the second voltage reference, a      controller to provide a trim control signal to the first voltage reference      in response to an output of the differential sensing device for adjusting      the first voltage reference and to provide a signal to power down the      second voltage reference after the first voltage reference has been      adjusted. 
The image display apparatus is provided with a dot matrix of light emitting      devices, driver circuitry, and switching circuitry. The dot matrix is a      plurality of light emitting devices arranged in an in-line by n-column      matrix, and one terminal of each light emitting device in each line is      connected to a common source line. Driver circuitry controls light      emitting devices active or inactive depending on an input illumination      signal. In the active state, switching circuitry floats common source      lines, and in the inactive state, discharges all common source lines to      ground. 
A pulse width modulation apparatus includes a load circuit, a signal      switch, a shunt switch, and a resistor. The signal switch isolates the      load circuit from a voltage source along a signal path. The shunt switch      is connected to the signal path at a point between the signal switch and      the load circuit. The shunt switch isolates the signal path from a ground      voltage. A resistor is connected in series between the signal switch and      the shunt switch. 
A power supply for a television apparatus comprises a source of energizing      potential (5.2V) fed to first and second control transistors (Q26403,      Q26404). The first control transistor outputs a first source, while the      second control transistor outputs a second source. The two control      transistors are controlled by a feedback type voltage regulator (U26404)      so that the sources track each other. The feedback voltage regulator is      controlled by the second source. A storage capacitor (C26466) is coupled      to the first source through an isolating resistor (R26462). 
An electrical power distribution system includes permanent magnet      generator, and an ac regulator. The ac regulator includes an inverter      shunt-connected to the permanent magnet generator, and an inverter control      for causing the inverter to regulate voltage at output terminals of the      generator by providing reactive power (either leading or lagging) that      circulates between the inverter and the generator. 
A device for increasing an extreme low voltage from a heat to electrical      voltage thermopile is shown. The device has an oscillator including two      MOSFET transistors coupled to a transformer having four bifilar windings      wound on a core having a high permeability. The two transistors operate      alternately to generate an intermediate voltage which is increased in      magnitude by a voltage doubling and rectifying circuit to obtain the      substantially constant operating output voltage. The output voltage is      further maintain constant by a current control cirucit including an      adjustable potentiometer adjustable to vary the current. 
A system and method for managing a vehicle s electrical power consumption      are disclosed. The vehicle has a plurality of electrical components. The      electrical components have varying power requirements. The system of the      present invention includes a first battery for supplying power to at least      one of the plurality of electrical components and a second battery for      supplying power to at least one other of the plurality of electrical      components. Further, an isolator is provided for electrically isolating      the first battery from the second battery. A power supply for supplying a      regulated supply of electrical power and a power distributor in      communication with at least one of the first and second batteries for      selectively providing electrical power to the plurality of electrical      components are also provided. Finally, the system has a processor in      communication with the power supply and the power distribution box, the      processor is configured to execute source code for managing the vehicle s      electrical power consumption. 
A battery assembly comprises at least two electrochemical cell modules      (1-i) connected in series and each comprising at least one electrochemical      cell (2), associated with a protection device comprising as many primary      protection blocks (5-i) as there are electrochemical cell modules (1-i),      each block (5-i) being connected in parallel with a respective one of the      electrochemical cell modules (1-i) and comprising at least one 1S type      electronic protection circuit (6) and a diode (7) connected in parallel      with the 1S circuit and upstream therefrom relative to the current flow      direction. 
A battery charger includes line-level input rectification, a high-frequency      oscillator-controlled chopper circuit, multiple transformers operating in      parallel, and controlled output rectification. Use of line-level input      rectification reorders the elements of the battery charger compared to      previous designs. A chopper frequency several orders of magnitude higher      than that of the AC power mains is used. The use of multiple,      parallel-wired transformers for voltage and current transformation eases      constraints on the physical geometry of a manufactured battery charger      product by permitting individual transformers, each smaller than a      comparable single transformer, to be employed. Controlled output      rectifiers permit power levels to be regulated dynamically. 
In controlling a motor in a device which drives a mechanism using the motor      as a power source, in executing driving, an ideal profile of the driving      is generated in accordance with a target position and a preset initial      parameter, driving of the motor is controlled in accordance with the      profile, the value of the initial parameter is evaluated at the end of      driving, and the value of the initial parameter is changed in accordance      with the evaluation result. High-speed accurate position control can be      achieved independently of the characteristic of an individual motor to be      used. 
An electric motor such as a driving source of an electric vehicle is      controlled by the microcomputer 7. The microcomputer 7 calculates a target      torque Req_trq according to a throttle opening degree .alpha., and      outputting induction values (a current instruction value I and a angle      instruction value .theta.) obtained referring to a map MP based on the      target torque Req_trq (a motor rotational number Nm and a battery voltage      Vb), the microcomputer 7 performs a torque control of an SR motor 3. The      motor rotational number Nm detected from the SR motor 3 is passed through      a band pass filter 51. Passing by the band pass filter 51, a signal data      of the extracted 0.1-50 Hz is executed a PD calculation process 52, the      calculated corrected amount PD_out is subtracted from the target torque      Req_trq. 
A reference signal generation unit integrates a staircase signal, to      produce reference signal VCTA whose waveform has no abrupt changes in      level and which shows a current limit value. A PWM reference signal      generation unit generates a PWM reference signal. A supply current      measurement unit measures a supply current to a coil. A PWM control unit      compares reference signal VCTA with the measurement value of the supply      current measurement unit in each period of the PWM reference signal, and      sets each transistor in a bridge rectification circuit in a conducting      state or a nonconducting state according to the comparison result. In this      way, the supply current to the coil is controlled to approach the current      limit value shown by reference signal VCTA. 
To provide a novel driving method for driving an electronic device by using      digital gray scale and time gray scale in combination, which secures high      duty ratio, which can display an image normally even when a sustain period      is shorter than an address period, and which is hardly affected by dulled      signal waveform. In a sub-frame period (102) where a sustain period is      shorter than an address period, a clear period (105) is squeezed in      between completion of a sustain period (104) and start of an address      period of the subsequent sub-frame period. The length of the sustain      period (104) thus can be set without being limited by the length of an      address period (103). This non-display period is provided by changing the      electric potential of a storage capacitor line. Therefore, unlike the case      where the non-display period is provided by changing the electric      potential of a cathode wiring, the present invention is hardly affected by      dulled signal waveform. 
A plug and play electric machine interfaces with a plug and play      controller. A memory device stores configuration parameters for operating      an electric machine that are accessed by the plug and play controller. A      plug and play connector connects to the plug and play controller. A sensor      monitors a property of the electric machine. A sensor connector      communicates with the sensor and the plug and play controller. The      configuration parameters are transmitted to the plug and play controller      during a power-up sequence of the electric machine. The plug and play      electric machine connects to different plug and play controllers. A power      connector is associated with the electric machine and communicates with a      power driver included in the plug and play controller. The plug and play      connector, sensor connector, and power connector form an integrated      connector. The plug and play controller updates the configuration      parameters based on feedback from the sensor. 
Under electric control of a motor by a CPU, before the rotation angle of a      rotary knob reaches a predetermined angle (20.degree., 40.degree.,      60.degree., . . . 360.degree.), a torque in the same direction as a      rotational direction is provided from the motor to the rotary knob, and      the torque is decreased from a maximum value to zero. When the rotation      angle of the rotary knob reaches a predetermined angle, a torque product      is provided to the rotary knob depending upon an angular velocity of the      rotary knob. After the rotation angle of the rotary knob exceeds a      predetermined rotation angle, a torque in the reverse direction to a      rotational direction is provided to the rotary knob, and the torque is      increased from zero to a maximum value. 
A control unit for an electrically retractable door mirror includes a motor      to drive rotationally a door mirror to a stored position or a normal      position, a change-over switch, and first and second control circuits. The      first and second control circuits include electronic switches respectively      that are capable of switching on/off depending on the polarity of an      electrical signal switched by the change-over switch. Excess current      detecting devices, whose electrical resistances grow with an increase in a      current, are connected to the electronic switches in series respectively.      And, shutoff switches switch off the electronic switches respectively when      a voltage generated in the excess current detecting devices exceeds a      predetermined value. 
A serially connected double-phase full-wave brushless dc motor includes a      first drive member, a second drive member, a first sensor member, a second      sensor member, a first motor coil and a second motor coil. The first drive      member is connected to a power source to thereby obtain a first voltage,      and connected to the first sensor member and the first motor coil. The      first drive member is further in serial connection with a second drive      member and a second sensor member, and provides with a second voltage      thereto. The second drive member is connected to the second sensor member      and the second motor coil. Hall signals of the first and second sensor      members are in control of an alternative direction of the first and second      motor coils for conduction, and thereby the first and second motor coils      are synchronously excited in full wave by the first and second voltages      respectively. 
Energization stages are formed by first and second sensor groups and a      torque constant is defined for each of the stages. A target current value      is computationally determined so as to drive a motor under control. As a      torque command showing a target torque of the motor is input to the      controller, the target current value is computationally determined for      each stage according to a torque constant map, which provides a table of      torque constants for different phases and different stages. The rotor      angle of the motor is detected by Hall sensors and the current stage is      computationally determined on the basis of the detected rotor angle. Then,      a target current value is defined as a function of the target torque for      each stage on the basis of the current stage and the motor is driven by      the driver under PID control based on the target current value. 
A method of detecting a rotor condition of a dc motor is provided. The      motor 14 is part of a motor control circuit 10 having a free-wheeling      diode 20 in parallel with the motor 14. The method establishes a threshold      voltage for back emf voltage evaluation. The motor is energized to operate      at a certain speed. Current is cut-off to the motor via a switch 16 for a      time sufficient for current through the free-wheeling diode to decay to      zero. The back emf voltage detected at leads of the motor is then compared      via a comparator 21 to the threshold voltage. 
An electric power steering apparatus for applying an assisting steering      force to a steering mechanism of a vehicle by driving an electric motor      according to a steering operation includes: an electric current command      value calculation unit which calculates an electric current command value;      a drive control unit which controls the drive of the electric motor based      on the electric current command value; and a convergence control unit      which determines a damping compensation value so that a quantity of      steering operation is converged to a neutral point. The convergence      control unit includes: a compensation electric current setting unit      determines a basic damping compensation electric current value      corresponding to the correction value of the target value, and a      compensation electric current adjusting unit which adjusts the basic      damping compensation electric current value based on the steering torque      and the quantity of the steering operation, thereby calculating the      damping compensation value. 
An electromotor can be selectively actuated for operation in both      rotational directions. In the condition of the electromotor not energized      with current, respectively one rotational direction of the electromotor is      blocked and one rotational direction remains movable in a free-running      manner. The circuit includes first and second diodes forward-connected      from ground to first and second motor terminals, a respective change-over      switch connecting each motor terminal selectively to power or ground, and      a free-run blocking switch interposed preferably between one of the motor      terminals and its associated change-over switch. 
An electric power steering apparatus includes a steering torque detector, a      brushless motor PWM-driven with a three-phase alternating motor current, a      target current setting section for setting a d-axis target current value      and a q-axis target current value, motor current detectors for detecting      motor current values supplied to the brushless motor, a three-phase AC/d-q      coordinate transformation circuit, a first deviation calculation circuit      for calculating a deviation of a current value of a q-axis detection      signal from the q-axis target current value, a second deviation      calculation circuit for calculating a deviation of a direct current value      a d-axis detection current signal from the d-axis target current, a motor      control section for controlling driving of the brushless motor through a      vector control process on the basis of deviation signals outputted from      the first and second deviation calculation circuits, and an attenuation      device provided in a feedback transmission path of the q-axis detection      current signal for attenuating a high frequency noise mixed in the q-axis      detection current signal. 
A motor controller implements alternately a feedback control for d axis      current and a feedback control for q axis current using an estimate value      of a rotor angle in different control cycles. Then, the motor controller      calculates a sine reference value which corresponds to a sine value of an      angle which is twice a phase difference between an actual value and an      estimate value of a rotor angle and a cosine reference value which      corresponds to a cosine value of the angle which is twice the phase      difference based on variations of the d axis actual current and q axis      actual current and levels of d axis voltage and q axis voltage in a      control cycle in which feedback controls are implemented for d axis      current and q axis current and detects a rotor angle using the sine      reference value and the cosine reference value so calculated. 

The present invention relates to an uniformly active light emitting diode      drive circuit. This invention provides a 3T1C circuit structure in the      emitting pixel and an additional data capacitors connecting to all the      pixels are picked out and located on one side of the display panel. In      addition, the connecting lines to the OLED on every pixel are all      collected to one end of a transistor Moc on the other side of the display      panel. Through the arrangement, it is intended that the aperture ratio of      the organic electroluminescent (OLED) device can be largely improved.      Moreover, an additional by-pass current transistor in parallel with data      capacitor (Cd) in a data generator region outside of the pixel array can      by-pass the previous left current in the circuit and thus enhance the      contrast ratio of the emitting pixel. 
A brushless, synchronous direct current motor is operated by supplying a      direct current voltage as an input voltage for commutating the motor phase      windings. The speed of the synchronous motor is modified or varied in two      speed ranges. In the first speed range, a linear change of the input      voltage is carried out up to a speed threshold value. In the second speed      range with higher speeds than in the first speed range, a vector      modification of the input voltage is carried out, for example for      controlling the speed of a fan motor. 
A method of controlling an electronically commutated DC motor having a      multiphase stator winding which has an even number m of winding phases      which are each connected in series with a controllable semiconductor      switch, parallel to one another, in which in a lower power output range of      the DC motor the semiconductor switches are cycled using a pulse control      factor which is predefinable as a function of the rpm within the      consecutive periods when the individual winding phases are energized. To      reduce the maximum power losses in the semiconductor switches, a setpoint      pulse control factor required for a setpoint rpm is achieved within a      selected setting range of the pulse control factor by alternatingly      setting a comparatively greater pulse control factor and a comparatively      lower pulse control factor, and the setting of the two pulse control      factors is varied over time so that a voltage setting the setpoint rpm is      set across the stator winding on the average over time. 
A method for controlling and protecting electric motors, specially      permanent magnet motors electronically actuated by a control system. The      system includes a three-phase inverting bridge, in which the position of      the rotor can be monitored by using a position detector physically      attached to the axle or through the tension induced in the coils by the      magnet, in order to correctly control actuation by the control system. The      present invention is also directed to a system for controlling electric      motors and an electric motor system. The system includes continuously      reading the position detector until a minimum expected time has passed.      After the minimum expected time has passed, there is continuous reading of      the position detector until a maximum expected time has passed to detect      if a position change of the rotor is sensed. 
An electric vehicle includes a drive-motor driving device and a      compressor-driving device for air-conditioning. Both of these driving      devices share a smoothing capacitor and a radiator. The drive-motor      driving devices, the compressor-driving device, and the smoothing      capacitor are disposed in a shielding case against electromagnetic wave,      so that the electric circuit of the vehicle can be downsized and      light-weighted. 
In a power feeding apparatus, current flowing through the discharge lamp is      controlled not to exceed a current limit value. Until the discharge status      changes to the arc discharge, the current limit value is a first current      limit value, and after that, the current limit value changes to the second      current limit value. The first current limit value is 70% of the second      current limit value or less, and further, for 0.2 ms or greater, the first      current limit value is maintained after the discharge status changes to      the arc discharge. 
A unique drive circuit for a fluorescent lamp, as well as a housing for      such lamp and drive circuit, designed for mineral museum displays, are      disclosed herein. The drive circuit comprises a ballast subcircuit, a      separate filament transformer subcircuit for pre-heating the lamp      cathodes, and a relay between the subcircuits. The separate filament      transformer subcircuit obviates the need for a conventional starter      circuit for the fluorescent lamp. This way of pre-heating the cathodes      prolongs the useful life of the lamp by making it possible for the lamp to      undergo thousands of on-off cycles without the heretofore usual      deterioration of the cathodes. The relay prevents the high voltage of the      ballast from hitting the lamp cathodes before the cathodes have been      pre-heated by the transformer subcircuit. Also disclosed is a method for      using such a lamp, drive circuit, and housing to irradiate fluorescent      minerals in a display case. 
To provide a light emitting element having a top emission structure, which      can be easily manufactured without considering an ionization potential of      an electrode (particularly an electrode in contact with a substrate) and a      manufacturing method therefor. A light emitting device having the top      emission structure according to the present invention includes: a first      electrode (101) formed of general-purpose metal (specifically, a wiring      material such as Ti or Al) having a light-shielding property or      reflectivity; a conductive polymer layer (102) formed by applying a      conductive polymer material onto the first electrode (101); an      electroluminescence film (103) formed in contact with the conductive      polymer layer (102); and a light-transmissive second electrode (104)      formed on the electroluminescence film 103, in which the conductive      polymer layer (102) is formed of materials including a redox polymer etc.,      while being free of problems regarding work function (as shown in FIG.      1A). 
Methods of operating field emission displays are disclosed. In one      embodiment, a method for operating a field emission display includes      applying a voltage to an extraction grid with respect to an emitter in      proximity to the extraction grid to extract electrons from the emitter,      regulating a supply of electrons from the emitter in response to a control      signal, and accelerating the electrons from the emitter towards a      faceplate with an accelerating voltage that also reverse biases a      semiconductor diode extending from a baseplate that includes the      extraction grid and the emitter to the faceplate. 
An electronic ballast of a lighting system includes an output power      supplier and a heater power supplier. The output power supplier is      configured to supply electric power to a lamp of the lighting system. The      heater power supplier is configured to provide substantially a rated      voltage of a heater of an insulation detector to the heater even though a      voltage of an electric power source for the lighting system is different      from the rated voltage of the heater. 
A plasma processing apparatus provided with a holding stage of a system in      which a temperature of an electrode block is controlled so as to control      the temperature of a semiconductor wafer. The electrode block is provided      with at least first and second independent temperature controllers on      inner and outer sides thereof, and a slit for suppressing heat transfer is      provided in the electrode block between the first and second temperature      controllers. 
A frequency monitoring circuit supplies a signal for selecting a sequence      data set to a sequence data storage circuit when a frequency of a vertical      synchronization signal which is input through an input terminal is higher      than a predetermined frequency, in order to generate a shortened sub field      sequence by a sequence generator circuit. The sequence generator circuit      reads the sequence data set, which is allowed to be read by the sequence      generator circuit based on the signal supplied, from the frequency      monitoring circuit from the sequence data storage circuit. The sequence      generator circuit generates a drive sequence based on the read sequence      data set. The sequence generator circuit supplies the generated drive      sequence to a data selector circuit and a drive circuit to drive a plasma      display panel properly. 
Methods for improving the stability of RF power delivery to a plasma load      are disclosed. The method includes adding an RF resistor and/or a power      attenuator at one of many specific locations in the RF power system to      lower the impedance derivatives while keeping the matching circuit      substantially in tune with the RF transmission line. 
A persistent ionization plasma generator is described that forms a plasma      in a cavity that persists for a time after termination of the exciting RF      electric field. The plasma generator includes a RF cavity that is in fluid      communication with a source of ionizing gas. The RF cavity can be at      substantially atmospheric pressure. An RF power source that generates an      RF electric field is electromagnetically coupled to the RF cavity. An      ultraviolet light source is positioned in optical communication to the      cavity. An antenna is positioned within the cavity adjacent to the      ultraviolet light source. A chamber for confining the plasma can be      positioned in the cavity around the antenna. 
Half-bridge circuit, especially for connection of an electric motor in a      vehicle, with a low side circuit element (1) with a control input (3, G1),      a high side circuit element (2) with a control input (6, G2), in which the      low side circuit element (1) and the high side circuit element (2) are      connected in series between the voltage terminal and a ground terminal and      an output (OUT) to control an electrical load is arranged between the high      side circuit element and the low side circuit element, implemented      according to the invention by integration in an integrated circuit. 
A depressed collector for recovery of spent beam energy from      electromagnetic sources emitting sheet or large aspect ration annular      electron beams operating aver a broad range of beam voltages and currents.      The collector incorporates a trap for capturing and preventing the return      of reflected and secondary electrons. 
The present invention relates to plasma display panel and manufacturing      method thereof to simplify the manufacturing steps and reduce cost of      production. In the present invention, a black layer formed between a      transparent electrode and a bus electrode is formed together with a black      matrix at the same time. In this case, the black layer is formed together      with the black matrix in one. Cheap nonconductive oxide is used as a black      powder of a black layer. Specifically, in case the black layer and the      black matrix are formed in one, the bus electrode is shifted to a      non-discharge area to improve the brightness of the plasma display panel. 
A plasma display includes first and second transparent substrates disposed      facing each other, a plurality of partitions formed between the first and      second transparent substrates, a phosphor formed on inner surfaces of      discharge cells defined by the partitions, a stepped buffering layer      formed on the first transparent substrate between a one-end portions of      the partitions, and a plurality of address electrodes formed on the first      transparent substrate between the partitions and on the stepped buffering      layer. A thickness of the stepped buffering layer is gradually increased      in a longitudinal direction of the partition. 
A discharge electrode structure of a plasma display panel is described. The      discharge electrode structure includes a plurality of expanding electrodes      or expanding portions that each one has a symmetric structure. The      expanding electrodes are alternately coupled to a pair of conductive      electrodes that are on the edge of a plurality of luminant cells in one      row. Therefore, oblique symmetric electrodes are disposed at opposite      corner location of each luminant cell. 
A plasma display includes a display panel and a driving circuit for driving      the display panel. A space for at least one color, of spaces between      barrier ribs for defining discharge spaces for red, green and blue colors      of the display panel is different from the spaces for other colors. 
A full color three electrode surface discharge type plasma display device      that has fine image elements and is large and has a bright display. The      three primary color luminescent areas are arranged in the extending      direction of the display electrode pairs in a successive manner and an      image element is composed by the three unit luminescent areas defined by      these three luminescent areas and address electrodes intersecting these      three luminescent areas. Further, phosphors are coated not only on a      substrate but also on the side walls of the barriers and on address      electrodes. The manufacturing processes and operation methods of the above      constructions are also disclosed. 
An ultra-high pressure mercury lamp in which both devitrification and also      breakage of the discharge vessel can be eliminated. In the ultra-high      pressure mercury lamp, there is a pair of opposed electrodes in a fused      silica glass discharge vessel filled at least 0.15 mg/mm.sup.3 mercury,      and an alkali metal concentration in the area from the inside surface of      this discharge vessel to a depth of 4 microns that is at most 10 wt. ppm. 
There are provided an electron source apparatus capable of suppressing      variations in electron emission state from electron-emitting devices even      with an arrangement using spacers (9), and an image forming apparatus      using the electron source apparatus. A plurality of row-direction wiring      lines (8) and a plurality of column-direction wiring lines (6) are formed      on a substrate (1) so as to cross each other. An electron-emitting device      made up of device electrodes (2, 3), a conductive film (4), and an      electron-emitting portion 5 is formed at each intersection between the      row-direction wiring line (8) and the column-direction wiring line (6).      The spacers (9) are arranged on some of the row-direction wiring lines      (8). The column-direction wiring lines (6) are respectively connected to      controlled constant current sources (221a, 221b, 221c) serving as current      sources capable of outputting desired current values. The respective      row-direction wiring lines (8) are connected to a voltage application      means constituted by a voltage source (223) and a switching circuit (222)      for selecting the row-direction wiring lines (8) while sequentially      scanning them. 
In a method for manufacturing an electron tube including a front substrate      and a back substrate, a wiring and an electrode are formed on the front      substrate and/or the back substrate. A component is mounted on the front      substrate and/or the back substrate. A ring-less getter is mounted on at      least one of the front substrate, the back substrate and the component. A      vessel is assembled and sealed so that the front substrate faces the back      substrate. A light is irradiated on the ring-less getter from outside of      the sealed vessel, thereby activating the ring-less getter. 
An electroluminescent device (51) comprises a partitioning relief pattern      having overhanging sections (13) for partitioning an electrode layer of      the electroluminescent device (51) into a plurality of independently      addressable electrode segments (11a, 11b, 11d). The overhanging section      (13) is bent at predetermined positions (13b, 13c, 13d, 13e). The bends      thus formed are rounded and/or beveled in order to reduce the risk that      electrode segments (11a, 11b, 11d) are inadvertently connected via a      second electrode layer segment present on top of the overhanging section      (13). 
Disclosed is a full color flat display panel by using an organic      electro-luminescent(EL) device, a manufacturing method thereof and a      driving circuit of the organic EL device, in particular, which includes      first, second and third pixels, a plurality of first electrodes, and a      plurality of second electrodes perpendicularly intersecting the first      electrodes, in which each of the first, second and third light emitting      pixels is arranged in each of intersecting positions of the first and      second electrodes. Light emitting pixels are arranged to have different      areas according to luminous efficiency so that a red light emitting area      with relatively poorer efficiency is sized larger than a blue or green      light emitting area thereby manufacturing an efficient full color organic      EL display panel. Also, the influence from the line resistance in the      anode lines and the cathode lines is reduced when a constant current is      introduced into the device structured of the RGB array in order to realize      the white light as full color. Thus, the voltage loss on the line      resistance is prevented and the area ratio of the device is adjusted to      make each of the RGB pixels for generating the white light have the      similar value of drive voltage thereby minimizing power loss. 
A light emitting device having an anode and a cathode provided on a      substrate, and an organic light emitting layer between the anode and the      cathode, where the organic light emitting layer includes a light emitting      material and a dopant for improving the dispersibility thereof. As the      dopant, there are employed a light emitting compound and a non-light      emitting compound or a current enhancing material. In case of employing      the light emitting compound, the composition corresponds to a case of      utilizing plural light emitting materials, and, in such case, the light      emission wavelengths are preferably mutually closer. Also, evaporation of      the light emitting material and the dopant in the same evaporation boat      makes it possible to reduce evaporation temperature, thereby improving the      dispersability of the light emitting material. 
The light emitting device includes a light emitting portion having a larger      refraction index than air, and a medium which is provided on a light      extraction surface extracting light from the light emitting portion and      which has different haze ratios depending on a light incident angle,      wherein a haze ratio is defined as follows: The light emitting device improves the light extraction efficiency from the      light emitting device. 
The present invention discloses a simple, low cost method to fabricate      light emitting source using luminescent colloid nanoparticles. It uses      monodispersed colloid light emitting nanoparticles of oxides,      semiconductors, and polymers to fabricate high quality, narrow bandwidth      light emitting source. The colloid particles can be dispersed      homogeneously in liquid that can be coated easily on a substrate using a      simple coating method such as spray, dip coating or spin coating. There is      no restriction on the size or shape of the substrate. Therefore, a low      cost, large area, high efficiency and reproducible light emitting source      can be made easily. 
This invention provides a conductive aluminum film and method of forming      the same, wherein a non-conductive impurity is incorporated into the      aluminum film. In one embodiment, the introduction of nitrogen creates an      aluminum nitride subphase which pins down hillocks in the aluminum film to      maintain a substantially smooth surface. The film remains substantially      hillock-free even after subsequent thermal processing. The aluminum      nitride subphase causes only a nominal increase in resistivity      (resistivities remain below about 12 .mu..OMEGA.-cm), thereby making the      film suitable as an electrically conductive layer for integrated circuit      or display devices. 
A field emission display device (1) includes a cathode plate (20), a      resistive buffer (30) in contact with the cathode plate, a plurality of      electron emitters (40) formed on the buffer, and an anode plate (50)      spaced from the electron emitters. Each electron emitter includes a      rod-shaped first part (401) and a conical second part (402). The buffer      and first parts are made from silicon nitride. The combined buffer and      first parts has a gradient distribution of electrical resistivity such      that highest electrical resistivity is nearest the cathode plate and      lowest electrical resistivity is nearest the anode plate. The second parts      are made from niobium. When emitting voltage is applied between the      cathode and anode plates, electrons emitted from the electron emitters      traverse an interspace region and are received by the anode plate. Because      of the gradient distribution of electrical resistivity, only a very low      emitting voltage is needed. 
The invention relates to a low-pressure discharge lamp, having a tubular      discharge vessel made from glass, the free ends of which are closed off in      a gas tight manner, two electrode systems (3) each having a filament (7),      two supply conductors (5, 6) and a bead (8) of glass, the ends of the      supply conductors (5, 6) being fused into the ends of the discharge vessel      which have been closed off in a gas tight manner and, in order to be held      in a region between the filament (7) and the discharge vessel fused seal      (2), into the bead (8), and a device for switching off the lamp at the end      of its service life, comprising a paste (9) which contains a metal hydride      and is fitted to the bead (8). According to the invention, the bead (8)      consists of a glass material which has a resistivity of greater 10.sup.8      .OMEGA.cm at 350.degree. C. Moreover, the paste (9) containing the metal      hydride is applied to the bead (8) in the radiation shadow with respect to      the thermal radiation which emanates from the filament (7) of the lamp in      operation, and is not in electrical contact with the supply conductor      wires (5, 6) on the bead (8). 
An organic EL panel has a cover glass as one of the components thereof. In      the organic EL panel, more specifically, the cover glass, an anode, a      luminescent organic layer, a cathode, a sealant, and a sealing substrate      are disposed, in that order in the downward direction, to form a      transparent panel. 
With the present invention, there is provided a driving method that      favorably drives an electron source, which is driven in a passive matrix      manner, without being affected by a disturbance. There is also provided an      image-forming apparatus that uses this electron source. An anode electrode      having a constant potential is arranged over a plurality of      electron-emitting devices including gate electrodes and cathode      electrodes. During passive matrix driving of the electron source where the      amount of electrons to be emitted is adjusted by modulating potentials      between the cathode electrodes and the gate electrodes, a predetermined      time difference is maintained between the driving of signal lines in a      group and the driving of signal lines in another group during the driving      of signal lines divided into N groups after selection of scanning lines.      If a scanning line capacity is referred to as C and a scanning line      resistance is referred to as R, this time difference is set so as to be      equal to or more than CR (approximately equal to CR). 
The invention provides a deflection yoke comprising: a funnel-shaped core      (ii) being made of a magnetic material, (iii) having, on its inner wall,      ridges each of which starts from the narrower end and extends toward the      wider end for a part of the length of the core, the ridges being arranged      circumferentially at intervals and thereby forming core slots, and (iv) in      which the remaining inner wall near the wider end is smooth; a first      deflection coil wound as partially guided by the core slots; second      deflection coil positioned more inward than the first deflection coil; and      an insulating frame that (i) is sandwiched between the first and second      deflection coils, and (ii) has, in an area corresponding to the core s      smooth area, guiding slots extending along the CRT axis direction and      being arranged circumferentially, wherein the second deflection coil is      wound as partially guided by the guiding slots. 
A flat-panel display with fixtures in its sidewalls to enable support by      lateral mounting members is disclosed. The advantage of this approach, in      which the fixtures are essentially rotated around to the sides of the      flat-panel display, is the reduction in the portion of the portable      computer s top cover that is not the active display. In practice, this      results in an increase in the size of the display that may be housed in      the same-sized top cover. In order to accommodate the lateral mounting of      the flat-panel display, metal brackets are used. These brackets extend      from the base unit hinges and cradle the display. This adds torsional      rigidity, but also removes the requirement that the back must be      structural. Further reductions in the inactive portions of the top cover      may be achieved by extending the ends of the display s fluorescent      back-light beyond or through the metal rim that surrounds the display. 
A chromate film-containing plug metal component which is a metal component      for a spark plug or a glow plug, wherein: the metal component has a      surface, at least part of the surface being coated with a chromate film      comprising at least 95% by weight of trivalent chrome based on 100% by      weight of a total chrome content in the chromate film; and the chromate      film comprises dye particles. 
Stage devices are disclosed having especial utility in certain types of      microlithography systems. The stage devices impart controlled motion to a      stage or platform without generating fluctuating electromagnetic fields.      The stage devices include stage-actuators that do not rely on      electromagnetics for operation. Multiple stage-actuators achieve motion of      a slider relative to a guide bar. Each stage-actuator includes at least      two actuator-portions that collectively provide an inchworm walking      manner of motion of the slider relative to the guide bar. Each      actuator-portion includes a respective pressure-application member. The      pressure-application members are selectively actuated so as to engage a      respective guide bar in a coordinated manner that serves to push the      slider along the guide bar. Each actuator-portion includes a respective      first piezoelectric element that urges the respective pressure-application      member against the guide bar and retracts the pressure-application member      from the guide bar, and a respective second piezoelectric element that      moves the respective pressure-application member in the longitudinal      direction of the guide bar. 
IDT electrodes are formed by a Cu alloy. When the wavelength of a SAW      propagating in the direction of the X axis of a piezoelectric substrate is      indicated by .lambda., and when the thickness of the IDT electrodes is      indicated by H, the standardized thickness H/.lambda. of the IDT      electrodes ranges from 0.045 to 0.070, and the piezoelectric substrate is      a rotated Y-cut LiTaO.sub.3 substrate whose rotational cut angle .theta.      from the Y axis to the Z axis around the X axis ranges from 52.0.degree.      to 58.0.degree.. With this arrangement, the reflection coefficient S11      becomes 0.88 or higher. 
A gyroscope comprising: a proof mass; a frame supporting the proof mass; a      connection arrangement connecting the proof mass and the frame, the      connection arrangement having a first stiffness in a first direction and a      second stiffness in a second direction substantially perpendicular to the      first direction, one of the stiffness being significantly greater than the      other stiffness; and a pair of elements adapted to sense relatively motion      therebetween in either the first or the second direction. Also disclosed      is a gyroscope comprising: a proof mass; a frame supporting the proof mass      and connected to only one edge thereof by a connection arrangement      extending between the proof mass and the frame in a first direction, the      connection arrangement having a first stiffness in the first direction and      a second stiffness in a second direction substantially perpendicular to      the first direction, the first stiffness being significantly greater than      the second stiffness; and a pair of elements adapted to sense relative      motion therebetween in the first direction. 
A rotary electric machine for being mounted on an internal combustion      engine of a vehicle or the like. The rotary electric machine includes a      rotation shaft rotatably supported by a bracket; a rotor fixed to the      rotation shaft; a stator which has a stator core disposed opposite to the      outer periphery of the rotor and a stator winding mounted onto the stator      core, and which is supported by the bracket; and a pulley engaged with an      end of the rotation shaft to rotate integrally with the rotation shaft.      The pulley and the rotation shaft are mutually engaged to form an      engagement portion. The engagement portion includes a regulation means for      regulating-sliding movement between the rotation shaft and the pulley in      their peripheral direction. 
To improve winding speed and productivity of a rotating machine by      providing curved edges on corner portions of tongues of an insulation cap      body. In an insulation cap structure for the rotating machine, corner      portions of tongues of an insulation cap body disposed in a stator core or      a rotor core is formed so as to have curved edges, and a locus of a needle      at the time of winding is close to a circle rather than a rectangle of      prior art, whereby winding speed can be increased. 
A motor vehicle has road wheels driven by a direct current motor that has a      brush installed therein. A system for detecting abrasion of the brush      comprises a clutch arranged between the road wheel and the direct current      motor. The clutch is of a wet type so that in ON condition thereof, drive      and driven members thereof are engaged with each other causing      transmission of a torque of the motor to the road wheel and in OFF      condition thereof, the drive and driven members thereof are disengaged      from each other permitting a certain but small transmission of a torque of      the road wheels toward the motor due to a viscosity possessed by oil in      the clutch. A rotation speed sensor is provided that detects a rotation      speed of the motor. A control unit is provided that issues a brush      abrasion representing signal based on the rotation speed of the motor      detected under OFF condition of the clutch. 
A brush holder (100) for carrying a brush (102) and for providing      adjustment of the brush relative to the commutator (104) of a      dynamoelectric machine (105). The brush holder provides for adjustment of      the gap (110) between the commutator and the brush, and for adjustment of      the brush in the axial direction along the commutator. The brush holder      also locks the brush at the desired position for operation in the      dynamoelectric machine. 
Systems and methods are disclosed for displaying data on a head s-up      display screen. Multiple forms of data can be selectively displayed on a      semi-transparent screen mounted in the user s normal field of view. The      screen can either be mounted on the user s head, or mounted on a moveable      implement and positioned in front of the user. A user interface is      displayed on the screen including a moveable cursor and a menu of computer      control icons. An eye-tracking system is mounted proximate the user and is      employed to control movement of the cursor. By moving and focusing his or      her eyes on a specific icon, the user controls the cursor to move to      select the icon. When an icon is selected, a command computer is      controlled to acquire and display data on the screen. The data is      typically superimposed over the user s normal field of view. 
A low-friction and low-vibration rectifying structure including an      electrode-segment forming member of a stator which has two electrode      segments disposed therein. An annular stator-side groove is formed in the      electrode-segment forming member with two electrode segments. Three      commutator segments are disposed in a commutator-segment forming member of      a rotor. An annular rotor-side groove is formed in the commutator-segment      forming member with the three commutator segments. A conductor ball and an      insulator ball are arranged inside of the stator-side groove and the      rotor-side groove. 
The stator includes core back iron cores disposed on outer circumferential      sides between a plurality of teeth iron cores disposed at regular      intervals of a predetermined distance in a predetermined circumferential      direction. A stator winding is disposed on inner circumferential sides      between the plurality of teeth iron cores. The stator winding is      constituted by a plurality of wire bundles each of which is a bundle of a      predetermined number of electric wires and which are connected in parallel      with one another. The wire bundles are set so that the number of electric      wires constituting a wire bundle located on the inner circumferential side      between adjacent teeth iron cores is smaller than the number of electric      wires constituting a wire bundle located on the outer circumferential      side. Hence, the ratio (L/A) of the circumferential length L of each wire      bundle to the sectional area A thereof is set at a value in a      predetermined allowable range. 
A DC motor apparatus includes a motor housing assembly which includes an      outer liquid-tight coolant chamber and an inner, armature-reception      chamber portion. Pairs of permanent magnet stator magnet modules are      housed within the liquid-tight coolant chamber, and shunt members are      housed within the liquid-tight coolant chamber between the stator magnet      modules. An armature is centrally located in the inner, armature-reception      chamber portion. The armature includes at least one pair of armature pole      portions which are wound with same-directional windings. A commutator is      connected to the armature, and the commutator includes commutator      contacts. An adjustable brush advance/retard mechanism includes roller      brushes for contacting the commutator contacts. A liquid cooling system      includes a coolant pump and a coolant fluid radiator for circulating      liquid coolant through the liquid-tight coolant chamber for cooling the      stator magnet modules and the shunt members. 
In a permanent magnet type rotating electric machine comprising a stator of      which concentratedly wound armature windings are disposed in a plurality      of slots formed in a stator core so as to surround teeth and a rotor      accommodating permanent magnets in a plurality of permanent magnet      insertion holes formed in a rotor core, a part of outer circumferential      faces of slots is formed to extend substantially in parallel with a part      of inner circumferential faces of the teeth, thereby, a permanent magnet      type rotating electric machine with limited noises can be realized. 
A flux ring for a motor of a power tool has an annular housing which fits      inside the motor can of the motor. At least one magnet is on the ring. The      at least one magnet includes a portion formed from an isotropic magnetic      material and a portion formed from an anisotropic magnetic material.      Preferably, the isotropic magnetic materials is sandwiched by the      anisotropic magnetic material. The magnets being molded onto the flux ring      in a two shot process. 
A rotational control apparatus includes a first rotatable assembly and a      second rotatable assembly. The first assembly is rotatably mounted to a      first support mount. The second assembly is rotatably mounted to the first      assembly and is axially moveable relative to the first assembly. The first      and second assemblies have respective coaxial surfaces adjacent to and      spaced from one another and further have respective axial surfaces that      frictionally engage one another when the second assembly is in a first      axial position and disengage when the second assembly is in a second axial      position. The second assembly is capable of rotation independent of the      first assembly when the second assembly is in the second axial position.      The rotational control apparatus includes an eddy current drive comprised      of a first eddy current coupling assembly associated with the coaxial      surface of the first assembly and a second eddy current coupling assembly      associated with the coaxial surface of the second assembly, the second      eddy current coupling assembly adjacent the first eddy current coupling      assembly with an air gap therebetween. 
A fluid dynamic bearing motor is provided comprising a base, a counter      plate fixed to the base, a stationary sleeve fixed to the base and      supported on the counter plate, a rotating shaft axially disposed through      the sleeve, and a fluid dynamic bearing disposed between the shaft and the      sleeve and between a free end of the shaft and a first surface of the      counter plate, wherein at least one of the free end of the shaft and the      first surface of the counter plate comprises a single spiral-shaped groove      formed thereon. 
To provide a bearing assembly having an electric power generating      capability, that can be assembled compact in size and easily incorporated      in a drive transmission system of an internal combustion engine, the      bearing assembly having an electric power generating capability includes a      rolling bearing 1 including an outer race 7 and an inner race 6 rotatable      relative to the outer race 7, and an electric power generator 2 interposed      between the inner and outer races 6 and 7 for generating an electric power      by a rotation of the inner race 6 relative to the outer race 7. This      bearing assembly may be used as a bearing in the drive transmission system      of the internal combustion engine for rotatably supporting, for example, a      crankshaft 4. 
The invention relates to an electromotor comprising a housing (5) which      consists of a ferromagnetic material and a rotationally driven shaft (13)      which is located in said housing (5). Said housing comprises at least one      bearing shield (25), with a bearing (31) for the shaft (13). The bearing      (31) has sensor means (33) for determining the state of rotation of the      shaft (13). According to the invention, the bearing (31) is accommodated      in a screening bushing (35) which is located in a bearing receiving      opening (29) of the bearing shield (25) and which consists of a      non-ferromagnetic material. A cover bushing (37) consisting of      ferromagnetic material which is connected to the bearing shield (25) and      which surrounds the shaft (13) is provided, and surrounds the bearing (31)      and the screening bushing (35) on the inside of the housing. 
A low-profile stepping motor comprises: an upper twin-stator yoke plate      composed of first and second upper stator yokes; a lower twin-stator yoke      plate composed of first and second lower stator yokes; first and second      coil units fixedly sandwiched between the upper and lower stator yoke      plates so as to be arranged horizontally flush with each other; and a      rotor assembly including a cylindrical magnet and disposed between the      first and second coil units. In the stepping motor, one of the upper and      lower twin-stator yoke plates is structured such that one half of its pole      teeth partitioned in half by a predetermined datum line and open spaces      each residing between two adjacent pole teeth of the other half are      positioned symmetrically about the predetermined datum line, whereby the      one twin-stator yoke plate can be used in common to the other twin-stator      yoke plate. 
A circuit and method serves as a slave interface to support both register      read/write and monitor detection operations by a graphics controller chip,      or other display data source, with a plurality of display devices. The      circuit supports differing monitor detection protocols including, for      example, I.sup.2 C protocol and non-DDC type protocols. The circuit may be      set in two modes, a register mode and a bypass mode. The register mode is      used to facilitate standard I.sup.2 C protocol to a display device.      Display detection bypass circuitry is used to selectively bypass the      register based display detector interface by connecting input pins to any      two of a plurality of I/O pins so that the system may be used for monitor      detection of a plurality of different display devices, such as CRTs and      LCDs to facilitate multiprotocol display detection. 
An electrical rotating apparatus is provided that has variable impedance.      This is achieved by connecting one of the polyphase components of the      apparatus in a mesh connection. The spanning value, L, of such a mesh      connection may be varied by changing the harmonic content supplied by an      inverter component. Also provided is a method for connecting an inverter      to a motor, wherein a switching arrangement permits the simple alteration      between various mesh connections of different span value, changing thereby      the Volts/Hertz ratio of the motor. 
A stator for use in a two rotor single stator type electric motor includes      a stator core including a plurality of stator teeth that are      circumferentially arranged around a common axis leaving a plurality of      identical spaces each being defined between adjacent two of the stator      teeth. Each stator tooth includes a plurality of flat magnetic steel      plates that are aligned along the common axis. A plurality of coils are      put around the stator teeth respectively. Bolts extend through identical      spaces of the stator core for combining the flat magnetic steel plates to      have a fixed structure of the stator core. A molded plastic fills the      identical spaces of the stator core. A plurality of elongate plate bars      extend in the identical spaces through the molded plastic respectively.      Each elongate plate bar extends in parallel with the common axis and is      constructed of a magnetic material that has an electric resistance higher      than the bolts. 
In a reciprocating motor capable of securing a stability of a motor by      improving a strength of a magnet frame, preventing breakage of the magnet      frame in operation of the motor and preventing an inner stator from      rotating and separating from a support frame, the reciprocating motor      includes an inner stator locker installed between the inner stator and the      support frame and preventing the inner stator from separating from the      support frame and a magnet frame having plural support bars formed at      regular intervals so as to form a space portion in which the magnet is      installed in the circumference direction. 
A motor structure for a reciprocating compressor, by which an power      lowering of the motor can be prevented by installing a magnet to be      eccentric toward a direction compressing a fluid to compensate a backward      moved amount of the magnet by compression pressure during operating the      compressor and a motor saturation can be prevented, comprises: an outer      core of cylindrical shape fixed inside a sealed chamber and including a      winding coil wound therein; an inner core disposed on an inner      circumferential surface of the outer core with a predetermined gap for      forming a flux with the outer core when an electric source is applied to      the winding coil; and a magnet disposed between the outer core and the      inner core so as to move linearly for making a piston to perform a linear      reciprocating movement, wherein an initial mid position of the magnet is      located to be eccentric as a predetermined distance from a mid position of      the outer core and of the inner core toward a moving direction of the      piston when a fluid is compressed. 
An integrated circuit for sampling outputs representing a pixel value      comprises two first variable capacitors each having a variable range of      capacitance and each for receiving the voltage representing the pixel      value; two first transistors respectively connected electrically to each      of the first variable capacitors for transferring the voltage to each of      the variable capacitors; and a second transistor connected electrically to      each of the first variable capacitors for transferring the voltage from      each of the first variable capacitors. 
A device and a method for generating intense and brief variations of      magnetic pressure, predetermined and controlled, capable of being      isentropic inside a sample (23) of solid material. An electromagnetic cell      (1) includes a flat parallel line of conductive material having two      branches (4, 5) in the form of planar plates, of similar shapes and      dimensions, separated from each other by a distance of not more than 3 mm,      one of which (4) bears the sample (23) rigidly fixed on the branch (4),      the two branches (4, 5) being electrically connected to each other by an      end junction strip (7), and electrically connected, opposite the end      junction strip, to elements (2, 3) generating electric current pulses so      as to produce in less than 500 ns an electric current flowing in the      electronic cell (1). 
In an embodiment of the invention it is possible to create an operating      unit (11) with a rotary toggle (14), which has an integrated bearing      device (15) with which the operating unit (11) can be magnetically fixed      to a cover (12). The operating unit (11) has a control means (23) with a      microprocessor for evaluating magnetic signalling means (19), which detect      a rotation of the rotary toggle (14) relative to the bearing device (15).      Through a first transformer (26) in the operating unit (11) and a second      transformer (29) on the underside of the cover (12), it is possible to      have both a signal transmission and a power transmission between the      operating unit (11) and the electrical appliance. 
The present invention relates to a control circuit for a switching power      supply device that is adapted to drive two or more loads and can quickly      eliminate a voltage difference occurring between the two or more loads.      The control circuit for a switching power supply device has an output      terminal that is to be connected to a power supply terminal of a first      load by a first wiring and a power supply terminal of a second load by a      second wiring. The control circuit comprises a first control loop for      stabilizing an output voltage appearing at the output terminal and a      second control loop for eliminating a difference between a first voltage      appearing at the first wiring in a vicinity of the power supply terminal      of the first load and a second voltage appearing at the second wiring in a      vicinity of the power supply terminal of the second load. 
A power control assembly limits the amount of leakage current absorbed by a      device (30) supported on a vehicle when the device is in a sleep mode. The      described example includes a switch (40) between a vehicle power source      (54) and a power supply (50, 52) for the peripheral device. A locking      portion (44) controls operation of the switch (40) so that selected      portions of the device (30) are isolated from the vehicle power source      (34) when the device (30) is in a sleep mode. A wake up signal received by      a communication bus transceiver (32) activates the switch locking portion      (44), which in turn allows the isolating switch (40) to be electrically      closed and kept in the closed condition until the controller (54) of the      device determines that the device should enter the sleep mode. 
A wind energy capturing device for moving vehicles including a wind turbine      powered electrical power generator for installation on the roof of a      moving vehicle such as a truck cab or tractor. The invention takes      advantage of the powerful wind force generated by the vehicle moving on      the road at moderate to high speed impinging against the wind deflector      mounted on the truck cab or tractor. This otherwise wasted wind energy      is captured and directed to the face area of the rotor blade, rotating the      turbine, which, in turn, drives the generator to generate electricity. The      electrical energy may be stored in a battery system and used to drive the      motors of an electric vehicle or hybrid-electric vehicle. 
A mobile telecommunication unit (20) provides two-way remote viewing of      images and real time audio. The self-contained, portable unit (20)      communicates directly with a similar unit at a remote location across POTS      lines, cellular, ISDN, T-1, and satellite communication links. The unit      (20) includes mass storage for archiving images. Input devices (25) for      each unit include a digital camera (36) through a PCMCIA card, electronic      stethoscope, telephone handset, speakerphone, external microphone, and      serial and parallel ports. The output devices include a full color screen      (22) for viewing local and received images and a speaker for audio output.      A hard copy of images can be made by a video printer or desktop printer      (42). Images can be uploaded to a PC. 
A control system for a cogeneration unit, the cogeneration unit including a      heat engine and an alternator, driven by the heat engine, which generates      AC electricity for an electrical load. The control system includes a      parameter sensing means for sensing one or more parameters, and providing      a sensed parameter value for each sensed parameter. For each sensed      parameter, a comparator means compares the sensed parameter value with a      respective desired value and provides an error signal according to the      difference between the sensed parameter value and the desired value. One      or more controlling means use the one or more of the error signals to      provide a plurality of control signals, such that each control signal is      able to regulate one or more of the controlling characteristics of the      alternator and a temperature of a body heated using energy from the      cogeneration unit. 
A starter for an internal combustion engine has a resistance ratio r.sub.M      /r.sub.B equal to or less than 0.4, when r.sub.M represents a motor      internal resistance and r.sub.B represents a battery internal resistance.      Furthermore, the starter has a size ratio L/D equal to or less than 1.0,      when L represents an axial length of the armature and D represents an      outer diameter of the armature. Furthermore, a means for suppressing      temperature rise is provided for the starter. 
A starter-generator for an aircraft engine comprises a variable      dynamoelectric machine alternatively operable as a motor or as a      generator, having a rotor. A support motor is coupled to the variable      dynamoelectric machine to assist the machine. A torque converter      selectively couples and decouples the rotor to the engine, coupling the      rotor to the engine at some point when the dynamoelectric machine is      operated as a motor. The engine may be started by the dynamoelectric      machine when operated as a motor through a first power train including the      torque converter and may drive the dynamoelectric machine as a generator      through a second power train. 
A starter-generator for an aircraft engine comprises a dynamoelectric      machine alternatively operable as a motor or as a generator, having a      rotor. A support motor is coupled to the dynamoelectric machine to assist      the machine. A torque converter selectively couples and decouples the      rotor to the engine, coupling the rotor to the engine at some point when      dynamoelectric machine is operated as a motor. A constant speed      transmission has an input adapted to be connected to the engine and an      output to be connected to the rotor. The unit provides a desired speed      relation between input and output. The engine may be started by the      dynamoelectric machine when operated as a motor through a first power      train including the torque converter and may drive the dynamoelectric      machine as a generator through a second power train including the constant      speed transmission. 
Gate electrodes (3) are formed on a semiconductor substrate (1), each with      a gate insulating film (2) interposed therebetween. A pair of offset      spacers (4) are respectively formed on opposite side faces of each of the      gate insulating film (2) and the gate electrodes (3). Diffusion layers (5)      are formed in the semiconductor substrate (1) on opposite sides of a      portion of the semiconductor substrate (1) immediately under each of the      gate electrodes (3), by ion implantation. While the gate electrodes (3)      have various configurations such as a gate electrode having a rectangular      section, an upwardly tapered gate electrode and a downwardly tapered gate      electrode, respective configurations of the offset spacers (4) are      adjusted so that lengths each obtained by adding the gate length of the      gate electrode (3), which gate length extends on an interface between the      gate insulating film (2) and the gate electrode (3), to a width of the      pair of the offset spacers (4), which width extends on an interface      between the offset spacers (4) and the semiconductor substrate (1), are      substantially uniform. 
In one embodiment, circuit device (15) is placed within an opening of a      conductive layer (10) which is then partially encapsulated with an      encapsulant (24) so that the active surface of the circuit device (15) is      coplanar with the conductive layer (10). In this embodiment, at least a      portion of the conductive layer (10) may be used as a reference voltage      plane (e.g. a ground plane). In one embodiment, circuit device (115) is      placed on a conductive layer (100) such that an active surface of circuit      device (115) is between conductive layer (100) and an opposite surface of      circuit device (115). In this embodiment, conductive layer (100) has at      least one opening (128) to expose the active surface of circuit device      (115). The encapsulant (24, 126, 326) may be electrically conductive for      some embodiments, and electrically non-conductive for other embodiments. 
The semiconductor device includes an input/output circuit, a functional      module, an electrostatic discharge protection circuit and bumps. The      input/output circuit is formed close to an edge of the semiconductor chip.      The functional module is formed on the semiconductor chip located on a      central side with regard to the input/output circuit. The electrostatic      discharge protection circuit is formed in the functional module of the      semiconductor chip and serves to protect a circuit located in a downstream      thereof, from being destructed by electrostatic discharge. The bumps are      arranged on one of major surfaces of the semiconductor chip located close      to the functional module, and they are connected to the functional module      via the electrostatic discharge protection circuit. 
An integrated circuit wafer element and an improved method for bonding the      same to produce a stacked integrated circuit. Plugs that extend from one      surface of the wafer into the wafer are used to provide vertical      connections and to bond the wafers together. A stacked integrated circuit      is constructed by bonding the front side of a new wafer to a wafer in the      stack and then thinning the backside of the new wafer to a thickness that      leaves a portion of the plugs extending above the surface of the backside      of the thinned wafer. The elevated plug ends can then be used to bond      another wafer by bonding to pads on the front side of that wafer. The      mating bonding pads can include depressed regions that mate to the      elevated plug ends. 
A semiconductor chip of rewiring layer-integral type capable of preventing      a maloperation by noise and a deterioration of communication      characteristics and a semiconductor device with excellent communication      characteristics; the semiconductor chip, wherein a rewiring layer (3) is      formed on a circuit formed surface (1a) through an insulating layer (2) so      as to form an antenna coil (4) with the rewiring layer (3), the antenna      coil (4) is formed around the periphery of an analog circuit (21) on the      circuit formed surface (1a) by avoiding forming on the analog circuit      (21), the analog circuit (21) may be formed by collecting analog circuits      to be formed in the semiconductor chip (1A) therein, may be one of the      particularly noise-susceptible analog circuits such as a power circuit, a      calculation amplifier, a comparison amplifier, an RF receiving part, an RF      transmitting part, an RF synthesizer part, and a voltage build-up circuit      and an amplifying circuit forming a part of a memory part, or may be a      coil provided in a part of the analog circuit formed in the semiconductor      chip (1A). 
A semiconductor device has a first insulating film deposited over a      semiconductor substrate, an interconnect opening portion formed in the      first insulating film, an interconnect disposed in the interconnect      opening portion, and a second insulating film formed over the first      insulating film and the interconnect. The interconnect has a first      conductor film, a second conductor film formed via the first conductor      film and comprised of one of titanium silicon nitride, tantalum silicon      nitride, tantalum nitride and titanium nitride, a third conductor film      formed via the first and second conductor films and comprised of a      material having good adhesion with copper; and a fourth conductor film      formed via the first, second and third conductor conductor film having a      copper as a main component. Thus, it is possible to improve adhesion      between a conductor film composed mainly of copper and another conductor      film having a copper-diffusion barrier function in the interconnect. 
As etch-stop films or Cu-diffusion barrier films used in insulation films      constituting conductor layers of a stacked structure, films having smaller      dielectric constant than silicon nitride films are used, and an insulation      film at a lower-layer part of the stacked structure is made to have      smaller dielectric constant than that at an upper-layer part thereof, and      further this insulation film is a silicon oxide (SiO) film and has in the      interior thereof, nano-pores of from 0.05 nm or more to 4 nm or less in      diameter as chief construction. This makes it possible to dramatically      reduce effective dielectric constant while keeping the mechanical strength      of the conductore layers themselves, and can materialize a highly reliable      and high-performance semiconductor device having mitigated the wiring      delay of signals which pass through wirings. 
A semiconductor device is provided with dummy patterns at an originally      thinner portion of each of layers, and each of these dummy patterns is      electrically connected to a reference wire that is either a power-supply      wire or a ground wire. 
A bond pad is located over active circuitry formed within an integrated      circuit device. A barrier film forms the bottom surface of the upper      portion of a bond pad opening which also includes vias extending through      the bottom surface to form a dual damascene structure. The bond pad is      resistant to stress effects such as cracking, which can be produced when      bonding an external wire to the bond pad, and therefore prevents leakage      currents between the bond pads and the underlying circuitry. 
Ball grid array packages that can be stacked to form highly dense      components and the method for stacking ball grid arrays. The ball grid      array packages comprise flexible or rigid substrates. The ball grid array      packages additionally comprise an arrangement for the substantial matching      of impedance for the circuits connected to the semiconductor devices. 
Provided is a technique which permits production of a semiconductor device      having, integrated therein, a semiconductor chip smaller in external size      than an ordinary semiconductor chip without lowering the production yield.      The semiconductor device according to the present invention comprises a      substrate having a square-shaped plane and having an interconnection      formed on a first surface (chip mounting surface) of first and second      opposite surfaces; a semiconductor chip which is mounted on the first      surface of said substrate and has an electrode formed on a first surface      (circuit forming surface) of first and second opposite surfaces of the      semiconductor chip, and a conductive wire for electrically connecting the      electrode of said semiconductor chip with the interconnection of said      substrate, said interconnection having a plurality of connecting pads      arranged from the peripheral side toward the inner side of said substrate. 
A semiconductor device capable of reducing a fabrication period as well as      a fabrication cost when timing control for signal transmission is      necessary is obtained. This semiconductor device comprises a first      semiconductor chip consisting of at least either a circuit against static      damage or a passive component. When a plurality of semiconductor chips      installed on a support substrate are connected with each other through the      first semiconductor chip, timing control for signal transmission is      enabled by simply modifying the first semiconductor chip. In this case,      the first semiconductor chip having a relatively simple structure can be      modified in a shorter time at a lower cost as compared with a case of      re-forming a semiconductor chip having an individual function. Thus, the      modification period as well as the modification cost can be reduced when      timing control for signal transmission is necessary. 
The present invention comprises a first main face (22a) on a surface side      of a substrate (21a). An island portion (26) is formed on the first main      face (22a) and a semiconductor chip (29), etc. are adhered thereto. The      semiconductor chip (29), etc. are sealed in the hollow portion that is      constructed by a column portion (23) and a transparent glass plate (36).      Then, the column portion (23) and the transparent glass plate (36) are      adhered by epoxy resin, or the like. 
A conductive system and a method of forming an insulator for use in the      conductive system is disclosed. The conductive system comprises a foamed      polymer layer on a substrate. The foamed polymer layer has a surface that      is hydrophobic, and a plurality of conductive structures are embedded in      the foamed polymer layer. An insulator is formed by forming a polymer      layer having a thickness on a substrate. The polymer layer is foamed to      form a foamed polymer layer having a surface and a foamed polymer layer      thickness, which is greater than the polymer layer thickness. The surface      of the foamed polymer layer is treated to make the surface hydrophobic. 
A wireless communication system comprising a carrier having a top and a      bottom surface, and a plurality of integrated circuit components for      transmitting and receiving communication signals located on the top and      bottom surfaces of the carrier. At least one passageway extends through      the carrier, and conductive material extends through the passageway for      electrically interconnecting the integrated circuit components located on      the top and bottom surfaces of the carrier. 
A wafer-level package includes a first chip, a second chip and a bump ring.      The first chip has a semiconductor micro device, a bonding pad ring      surrounding the semiconductor micro device, and a plurality of bonding      pads disposed outside the bonding pad ring and electrically connected to      the semiconductor micro device for electrically connecting to an external      circuit. The second chip has a bonding pad ring corresponding to the      bonding pad ring of the first chip. The bump ring is disposed between the      bonding pad ring of the first chip and the bonding pad ring of the second      chip for bonding the first and the second chips so as to form a hermetical      cavity. 
The present invention relates to a device for receiving and/or transmitting      signals comprising an assembly of n means for receiving and/or      transmitting waves with longitudinal radiation of the printed slot-antenna      type, where n is an integer greater than or equal to one, and an      excitation means of the microstrip-line type coupled to at least one slot      line. The present invention is characterized in that it comprises a      switching device which acts by controlling the coupling between the      microstrip line and at least one slot line. 
A semiconductor multi-package module having stacked lower and upper      packages, each package including a die attached to a substrate, in which      the upper and lower substrates are interconnected by wire bonding. Also, a      method for making a semiconductor multi-package module, by providing a      lower molded package including a lower substrate and a die, affixing an      upper molded package including an upper substrate onto the upper surface      of the lower package, and forming wire bond z-interconnects between the      upper and lower substrates. 
Methods and apparatuses for encapsulating a microelectronic die or other      components in the fabrication of packaged microelectronic devices. In one      aspect of the invention, a packaged microelectronic device assembly      includes a microelectronic die, a substrate attached to the die, a      protective casing covering a portion of the substrate, and a barrier      projecting away from the surface of the substrate. The microelectronic die      can have an integrated circuit and a plurality of bond-pads operatively      coupled to the integrated circuit. The substrate can have a cap-zone      defined by an area that is to be covered by the protective casing, a      plurality of contact elements arranged in the cap-zone, a plurality of      ball-pads arranged in a ball-pad array outside of the cap-zone, and a      plurality of conductive lines coupling the contact elements to the      ball-pads. The contact elements are electrically coupled to corresponding      bond-pads on the microelectronic die, and the protective casing covers the      cap-zone. The barrier on the surface of the substrate is configured so      that at least a portion of the barrier is outside of the cap-zone and      adjacent to at least a portion of the molded section. The barrier is a      seal that inhibits the thermosetting material of the protective casing      from covering a portion of the substrate outside of the cap-zone. As such,      the barrier prevents thermosetting material from leaking between the      substrate and a mold outside of the cap-zone during a molding process. 
A small memory card with a monitor includes a substrate, at least one      memory chip, at least one monitor, and a glue layer. The substrate is      formed with an upper surface and a lower surface, the upper surface is      formed with a plurality of connected points and a plurality of golden      fingers electrically connected to the plurality of connected points. The      substrate is used to arrange in an electric device, the memory chip, which      is mounted on the upper surface of the substrate, electrically connected      to the plurality of connected points of the upper surface. The monitor is      mounted on the side of the upper surface of the substrate, so that the      aspect and location of the plurality of the golden fingers may be      recognized. The glue layer is encapsulated and protected the memory chip.      Thus, the display of the monitor may be recognized the operating aspect. 
An integrated circuit package for use in flip-chip manufacturing has a      surface having a depression for receiving a bumped die. The depression has      disposed on its floor a plurality of cage pads. The depression has four      walls, at least one of which is indented to form a step. In the flip-chip      manufacturing process, a bumped die is positioned within the depression so      that the solder bumps line up with the cage pads, and is precisely aligned      and held in place by the depression. The die-package combination is then      heated in a furnace to reflow the solder bumps, thus forming an integrated      circuit. Using the indentation in the depression, underfill material is      introduced into the depression. The underfill material flows into the      depression and under the die, surrounding the reflowed solder bumps. 
For a leadframe for use with integrated circuit chips, a continuous strip      of sheet-like base metal is pre-plated with a layer of nickel fully      covering the base metal, further on one surface with a palladium layer in      a thickness suitable for bonding wire attachment, and on the opposite      surface with a layer of either palladium or lead-free solder in a      thickness suitable for parts attachment. The leadframe structure is then      stamped from the sheet so that the base metal is exposed at the stamped      edges, enhancing adhesion to molding compounds. 
A chip-packaging substrate. The substrate is capable of reducing damage      during packaging, shrinking its connecting portions so that the length of      any of the gap slots between the packaging portion and the frame portion      of the substrate is increased. Furthermore, a dummy layer is provided to      one surface of the frame portion to flush the surface on the frame portion      with that of the packaging portion as much as possible. 
A leadframe for semiconductor devices, including a region which is adapted      to support a semiconductor device and a plurality of leads which are      arranged so as to be directed toward the region, for mutual connection, by      connecting wires connecting the leads and the semiconductor device. The      leads include leads having at least two different lengths for the      connection of connecting wires having different diameters. 
A multi-chip package (MCP) that incorporates a leadframe pad arranged and      configured to allow the active surface of a first chip to be mounted on a      lower surface of the leadframe pad and a second chip to be mounted on an      upper surface of the leadframe pad whereby the first and second chips may      be mounted and wire bonded to inner leads without inverting the leadframe,      thereby reducing the likelihood of damage during manufacturing and      allowing for a reduction in package thickness. The first and second chips,      as well as the bonding wires that connect the chips to inner leads of the      leadframe may be sealed in a package body. Outer leads extending from the      package body and integrally formed with the inner leads may be formed to      provide finished packages having a variety of mounting configurations for      attachment to circuit boards or other applications. 
Provided are a lead frame strip and a method of fabricating a semiconductor      package using the same. The lead frame strip includes at least one lead      frame panel in which a plurality of unit lead frames are arranged to be      connected with one another in matrix forms, wherein each unit lead frame      includes: a die pad to which a semiconductor chip is to be mounted; a tie      bar, an end of which being connected to the die pad and processed to be      downset; a plurality of leads positioned at the same level as another end      of the tie bar and extended with a predetermined distance from the tie      pad; a dam bar formed across the leads and united with the leads to      support the leads, wherein a slot is formed along edges of the lead frame      panel and functions as a buffer, and a connection bar is formed widthwise      across the slot to support the lead frame panel. 
A semiconductor package is provided that includes a flat leadframe having      front and rear faces. The leadframe includes a central platform and      elongate electrical connection leads distributed around this platform.      Electrical connection wires connect the chip to the front face of the      leads, and encapsulation means encapsulates the chip such that the rear      face of the leadframe is visible. The electrical connection leads include      an inner end part and an outer end part, the rear faces of the inner and      outer end parts lie in the plane of the rear face of the leadframe, and      the inner and outer end parts are connected by a branch whose rear face is      set back with respect to the plane of the rear face of the leadframe so as      to define a rear recess. The electrical connection wires are connected to      the leads on the front face of their inner end part. 
A mobile antenna that repeatably can be attached and detached by rotation      from motor vehicles. The antenna having a receiving portion electrically      connected to a base body having a contact area for connecting to motor      vehicles. The joined base body and receiving portion being encased in a      jacket. The base body having grooves with flank surfaces also encased in      the jacket; the grooves aligned in the lengthwise direction of the antenna      so that the groove flank surfaces are essentially perpendicular to forces      produced when the jacket is rotated for attachment and detachment of the      antenna to or from the motor vehicle. 
A leadframe (20) for a semiconductor device includes a paddle ring (22)      having an inner perimeter (24), an outer perimeter (26), and a cavity (28)      located within the inner perimeter (24) for receiving an integrated      circuit die (30). A first row of terminals (32) surrounds the outer      perimeter (26) and a second row of terminals (34) surrounds the first row      of terminals (32). Each of the terminals of the first row of terminals      (32) is individually connected to the paddle ring (22) and each of the      terminals of the second row of terminals (34) is connected to one side of      a connection bar (78, 79), which is connected to one of the terminals of      the first row (32) or to the paddle ring (22). 
An electrical circuit having one or more dielectric layers formed of latex;      and one or more layers of electrically conductive material, such as      copper, patterned to form multiple electrical interconnects, with each      such layer placed on top of one of said dielectric layers. The dielectric      and conductive layers can be used to connect multiple chips in a multichip      module. The latex layers can be formed to have a top surface that contains      peaks and valleys, and the conductive layers can be formed of a first      metal that substantially fills such valleys, so as to increase the      adherence of the metal to the latex surface. The layers of conductive      metal can contain particles of a second metal between said peaks and      valleys of the latex layer that were used as a catalytic seed particles to      promote the deposition of the metal layer onto the top surface of the      latex. 
A method for increasing the critical temperature, T.sub.c, of a high      critical temperature superconducting (HTS) film (104) grown on a substrate      (102) and a superconducting structure (100) made using the method. The HTS      film has an a-b plane parallel to the surface of the substrate and a      c-direction normal to the surface of the substrate. Generally, the method      includes providing the substrate, growing the HTS film on the substrate      and, after the HTS film has been grown, inducing into the HTS film a      residual compressive strain the a-b plane and a residual tensile strain      into the c-direction. 
A semiconductor chip of the present invention is so arranged that a front      face on which an element circuit is formed has electrode pads and a side      face and a back face are coated with a shielding layer for shielding      electromagnetic waves. With this, it is possible to provide a      semiconductor element capable of being easily manufactured into a smaller      semiconductor device compared with a conventional semiconductor device      equipped with a shielding cap; a semiconductor device; and a method for      manufacturing a semiconductor element. 
A dopant is ion-implanted into a second region (52) of a polycrystalline      silicon film (50) for a resistive element (5). Nitrogen or the like is      ion-implanted into a second region (62) of a polycrystalline silicon film      (60) for a resistive element (6). The density of crystal defects in the      second regions (52, 62) is higher than that in first regions (51, 61). The      density of crystal defects in a polycrystalline silicon film (70) for a      resistive element (7) is higher near a silicide film (73). A      polycrystalline silicon film (80) for a resistive element (8) is in      contact with a substrate (2) with a silicide film in an opening of an      isolation insulating film (3). The density of crystal defects in a      substrate surface (2S) near the silicide film is higher than that in the      vicinity. With such a structure, a current leak in an isolation region can      be reduced. 
The invention proposes a semiconductor configuration having a substrate,      which has at least one component integrated therein. The substrate has a      first main side with a metalization. At least parts of the metalization      are underlaid with an insulation layer located in the substrate. By virtue      of the fact that the insulation layer is realized in the form of a trench      lattice, it is possible to reduce parasitic capacitances and undesirable      signal power losses in the case of high-frequency signals. 
An n-type well is formed in a p.sup.- -type semiconductor substrate and a      p.sup.- -type epitaxial layer is formed on; the n-type well. An n.sup.-      -type well is formed in the, p-type epitaxial layer on the n-type well so      as to allow a RESURF operation. A p-type island is formed in the n.sup.-      -type well at a position above the n-type well to form an island region      for high withstand-voltage separation. Thus, the withstand voltage of the      separated island is improved. 
A semiconductor device and a manufacturing method therefor are provided,      the semiconductor device having a good reverse recovery characteristic,      and having no reduction in breakdown voltage because no defect occurs in      the upper main surface of a Si substrate even when wires are bonded onto      an anode electrode. A semiconductor device includes a Si substrate      including an N.sup.+ cathode layer and an N.sup.- layer. An impurity such      as platinum whose barrier height is less than that of silicon is      introduced into upper regions of the N.sup.- layer where P anode layers      are not formed, thereby forming Schottky junction regions. A barrier metal      is formed between the Si substrate and an anode electrode. 
This invention relates an optoelectronic material comprising a uniform      medium with a controllable electric characteristic; and semiconductor      ultrafine particles dispersed in the medium and having a mean particle      size of 100 nm or less, and an application device using the same. This      invention also relates to a method of manufacturing an optoelectronic      material by irradiating a laser beam onto a first target of a      semiconductor material, placed in a reaction chamber in low pressure rare      gas ambient, and a second target of a medium material with a controllable      electric characteristic, placed in the reaction chamber,      condensing/growing a semiconductor material ablated from the first target      to be collected as ultrafine particles having a mean particle size of 100      nm or smaller on a substrate placed in the reaction chamber, and      condensing/growing a medium material ablated from the second target to be      collected on the substrate placed in the reaction chamber, thus forming an      ultrafine-particles dispersed layer having semiconductor ultrafine      particles dispersed in the medium on the substrate. 
A multiple-trench photosensor for use in a CMOS imager having an improved      charge capacity. The multi-trench photosensor may be either a photogate or      photodiode structure. The multi-trench photosensor provides the      photosensitive element with an increased surface area compared to a flat      photosensor occupying a comparable area on a substrate. The multi-trench      photosensor also exhibits a higher charge capacity, improved dynamic      range, and a better signal-to-noise ratio. Also disclosed are processes      for forming the multi-trench photosensor. 

Disclosed is a wireless node with a detachable antenna. When the antenna is      detached, 802.11a lower band communications are disabled. When the antenna      is attached, 802.11a lower band communications are enabled. 
An aspect of the present invention is directed to an avalanche photodiode      (APD) device for use in oil well drilling applications in harsh, down-hole      environments where shock levels are near 250 gravitational acceleration      (G) and/or temperatures approach or exceed 150.degree. C. Another aspect      of the present invention is directed to an APD device fabricated using SiC      materials. Another aspect of the present invention is directed to an APD      device fabricated using GaN materials. According to an embodiment of the      present invention, an avalanche photodiode for detecting ultraviolet      photons comprises a substrate having a first dopant; a first layer having      the first dopant, positioned on top of the substrate; a second layer      having a second dopant, positioned on top of the first layer; a third      layer having a second dopant, positioned on top of the second layer; a      passivation layer for providing electrical passivation on a surface of the      avalanche photodiode; a phosphorous silicate glass layer for limiting      mobile ion transport, positioned on top of the third layer; and a pair of      metal electrodes for providing an ohmic contact wherein a first electrode      is positioned below the substrate and a second electrode is positioned      above the third layer; wherein the avalanche photodiode comprises a first      sidewall and a second sidewall forming a sloped mesa shape; and wherein      the avalanche photodiode operates in an environment comprising a      temperature approximately equal to 150 degrees Celsius. 
A method and system for providing a magnetic element capable of being      written using spin-transfer effect while being thermally stable and a      magnetic memory using the magnetic element are disclosed. The magnetic      element includes a first, second and third pinned layers, first and second      nonmagnetic layers, a free layer and a nonmagnetic spacer layers. The      first, second and third pinned layers are ferromagnetic and have first,      second and third magnetizations pinned in first, second and third      directions. The first and second nonmagnetic layers include first and      second diffusion barriers, respectively. The first and second nonmagnetic      layers are between the first and second pinned layers and the second and      third pinned layers, respectively. The first and second pinned layers and      the second and third pinned layers are antiferromagnetically coupled. The      nonmagnetic spacer layer is conductive and resides between the free layer      and the third pinned layer. In addition, performance can be further      improved by doping Co containing ferromagnetic layers with Cr and/or Pt. 
For labeling a component provided with a metallic cover layer, it is      proposed that at least one additional contrast layer is arranged over the      cover layer. The contrast layer produces an optical contrast with the      metallic cover layer and is capable of being eroded by a laser for      producing a label. 
An electrostatic actuator with inter-digital rotor and stator fingers      formed in a the insulating and conductive layers of a wafer. The actuator      is used to drive MicroElectroMechanical (MEMS) components, specifically      micro-optical components such as mirrors, attenuators, switches, and      tunable filters. 
A first conduction type well is formed in a substrate, and a second      conduction type impurity region is formed in the well. A lower interlayer      dielectric is formed on the substrate, including the well and the purity      region. A contact plug, connected to the impurity region through the lower      interlayer dielectric, is formed with a void inside it. An upper      interlayer dielectric is formed on the lower interlayer dielectric and the      contact plug. The upper interlayer dielectric is selectively etched,      forming an interconnection groove exposing the contact plug. The contact      plug and the exposed void are overetched, extending the void into the      first conduction type well. The interconnection groove is filled with a      conductive layer, forming an interconnection. A seam extending to the well      is formed in the void, connecting the contact plug to the well. Due to the      seam, a well bias may be applied to the well. 
A semiconductor device, including a dummy diffused layer in the upper part      of a substrate, has its noise immunity improved. The dummy diffused layer      is formed between analog and digital blocks to eliminate dishing, which      usually occurs during a CMP process for defining STI regions. The surface      of the dummy diffused layer is covered with an anti-silicidation film at      least partially and a dummy gate electrode so as not to be silicided. The      dummy gate electrode can be formed along with a normal gate electrode for      a transistor. Accordingly, there is no need to add any extra process step      to the fabrication process. 
A power MOSFET has a plurality of spaced rows of parallel coextensive      trenches. The trenches are lined with a gate oxide and are filled with      conductive polysilicon. Spaced narrow polysilicon strips overlie the      silicon surface and connects adjacent trenches to one another. The source      contact is made at a location remote from the trenches and between the      rows of trenches. The trenches are 1.8 microns deep, are 0.6 microns wide      and are spaced by about 0.6 microns or greater. The device has a very low      figure of merit and is useful especially in low voltage circuits. 
High-voltage-tolerant ESD protection devices (ESDPD) for deep-submicron      CMOS process were activated between LDD implanting and forming sidewall      spacers. ESD-Implant (ESDI) regions are located at the ESDPD, without      covering the center region under the drain contact (DC). The ESDI LDD      concentration and doping profile are deep to contain drain diffusion.      Regions with the ESDI have a high junction breakdown voltage (JBV) and a      low junction capacitance. After forming gate sidewall spacers, high doping      concentration ions implanted into active D/S regions formed a shallower      doping profile of the D/S diffusion. The drain has a JBV as without this      ESDI, so the ESD current (ESDC) is discharged through the center junction      region under the DC to bulk, far from the ESDPD surface channel region.      The ESDPD sustains a high ESD level. In an original drain JBV of an MOS      this ESDI method is unchanged, i.e. the same as that having no such ESDI,      so it can be used in I/O circuits with high-voltage signals in the      deep-submicron CMOS. The ESD level of the IO ESDPD improves. The ESD      discharge current path in the MOS device structure improves the ESD level      in the output buffer MOS. ESDI regions are located at the output MOS      devices, without covering the region under the DC. Regions under the DC      without this ESDI have an unchanged JBV, so the ESDC discharges through      the junction region under the DC to bulk. The original drain JBV of the      output MOS with this ESDI method is unchanged, which is still the same as      that having no such ESDI, to be used in the I/O circuits with high-voltage      (5V) input signals in the deep-submicron CMOS with 3.3V or 2.5V VDD. This      applies to diodes, FOD and lateral BJT devices. 
A semiconductor device includes a semiconductor layer formed on part of an      insulating layer. The semiconductor layer includes a diffusion region and      a channel region. The insulating layer is etched so that the semiconductor      layer is separated from the insulating layer below at least part of the      diffusion region. The space left below this part of the semiconductor      layer is filled by an etch stop film that also covers the side surfaces of      the insulating layer. The etch stop film prevents contact holes targeted      at the diffusion region from penetrating the insulating layer due to      alignment error or defects in the semiconductor layer. Since the etch stop      film is not present below the channel region, the electrical      characteristics of the semiconductor device are not altered. 
To provide a semiconductor device with reduced parasitic capacity in the      vicinity of gate electrodes, and a method for manufacturing such a      semiconductor device. The semiconductor device comprises a gate electrode      formed on a silicon semiconductor substrate 1 through a gate oxide film,      and a pair of impurity diffusion layers formed on the surface region of      the silicon semiconductor substrate at both sides of the gate electrode. A      silicon nitride film acting as a sidewall spacer is formed so as to cover      the sidewall of the gate electrode, and the silicon nitride film is      allowed to extend to the surface of the silicon semiconductor substrate 1      in the vicinity of the gate electrode in a substantially L-shaped profile. 
A slot 2 is defined by notching a conductor plate 1, a first radiation      conductor 3 and a second radiation conductor 4 are disposed by sandwiching      the slot 2 as a boundary, a third radiation conductor 5 connected to      either of the first radiation conductor 3 or the second radiation      conductor 4 is provided in the slot 2, if necessary, on and after third      radiation conductors, for example, a fourth and fifth radiation conductors      connected to either of the first radiation conductor 3 or the second      radiation conductor 4 are provided, a power is supplied in the slot by the      use of conductor edges of at least two radiation conductors, if required,      whereby two monopole antennas and slot antennas, which use respective      electric currents on the first radiation conductor 3 and the second      radiation conductor 4, are electrically formed, besides, antennas other      than that described above are electrically formed by utilizing electric      currents over on and after the third radiation conductors. 
A microwave transistor structure having a step drain region comprising: (A)      a substrate having a top surface; (B) a silicon semiconductor material of      a first conductivity type, having a first dopant concentration and a top      surface; (C) a conductive gate overlying and insulated from the top      surface of the silicon semiconductor material; (D) at least one horizontal      drain extension region of a second conductivity type and having a      horizontal drain extension dopant concentration; (E) a step drain region      formed in the silicon semiconductor material, and contacting the      horizontal drain extension region; (F) a body region of the first      conductivity type and having a body region dopant concentration; (G) a      source region of the second conductivity type and having a source region      dopant concentration; (H) a shield plate region formed on the top surface      of the silicon semiconductor material over a portion of the horizontal      drain extension region, the shield plate being adjacent and parallel to      the horizontal drain extension region; the shield plate being adjacent and      parallel to the conductive gate region; and (I) a conductive plug region. 
A semiconductor device comprises a first semiconductor layer of a first      conductivity type, a second semiconductor layer of the first conductivity      type formed in an upper surface of the first semiconductor layer,      resistance of the second semiconductor layer being higher than that of the      first semiconductor layer, a base layer of a second conductivity type      formed on the second semiconductor layer, gate electrodes deposited in a      plurality of first trenches, a gate insulation film being disposed between      inner walls and the gate electrodes, each of the first trenches having a      band-shaped planar pattern and extending from top of the base layer down      to the upper surface of the second semiconductor layer, bridge electrodes      filling a plurality of second trenches and surrounded by an insulation      film deposited over walls of the trenches, the second trenches extending      from the top of the base layer down to the upper surface of the second      semiconductor layer and connecting adjacent ones of the first trenches in      communication with one another so that each of the bridge electrodes      electrically connects adjacent ones of the gate electrodes, an impurity      diffused region of the second conductivity type formed in the second      semiconductor layer adapted to surround the second trenches existing in      the second semiconductor layer, a source region of the first conductivity      type formed in a surface area of the base layer alongside extensions of      the gate electrodes, a source electrode formed on the surface of the      source region, and a drain electrode formed on a back surface of the first      semiconductor layer. 
The invention relates to a semiconductor component with enhanced avalanche      ruggedness. At the nominal current of this semiconductor component, in the      event of an avalanche the voltage applied between two electrodes is 6 % or      more above the static reverse voltage at the same temperature. 
Semiconductor-based devices, and methods for making the devices, involve a      first device that includes a buried channel layer, a dielectric layer, and      a compositionally graded spacer layer. The spacer layer includes a first      material and a second material, and is located between the buried channel      layer and the dielectric layer. A second device includes a buried channel      layer, a relaxed surface layer, and a spacer layer located between the      buried channel layer and the relaxed surface layer. The spacer layer has a      composition that is different from a composition of the relaxed layer. The      spacer layer and the relaxed surface layer each have bandgap offsets      relative to the buried channel layer to reduce a parasitic channel      conduction. A substrate for fabrication of devices, and methods for making      the substrate, involves a substrate that includes a first layer, such as a      silicon wafer, a substantially uniform second layer, and a      graded-composition third layer. 
A memory device having one transistor and one resistant element as a      storing means and a method for driving the memory device, includes an      NPN-type transistor formed on a semiconductor substrate, an interlayer      insulating film formed on the semiconductor substrate to cover the      transistor in which a contact hole exposing a source region of the      transistor is formed, a resistant material in which a bit data 0 or 1      is written connected to the source region of the transistor by a      conductive plug or an insulating film, and a conductive plate contacting      the resistant material. The memory device exhibits improved degree of      integration, reduced current consumption by lengthening a refresh period      thereof, and enjoys simplified manufacturing process due to a simple      memory cell structure. 
Structures and methods for memory devices are provided which operate with      lower control gate voltages than conventional floating gate transistors,      and which do not increase the costs or complexity of the device      fabrication process. In one embodiment of the present invention, the novel      memory cell includes a source region and a drain region separated by a      channel region in a horizontal substrate. A first vertical gate is      separated from a first portion of the channel region by a first oxide      thickness. A second vertical gate is separated from a second portion of      the channel region by a second oxide thickness. According to the teachings      of the present invention, the total capacitance of these memory devices is      about the same as that for the prior art of comparable source and drain      spacings. However, according to the teachings of the present invention,      the floating gate capacitance (CFG) is much smaller than the control gate      capacitance (CCG) such that the majority of any voltage applied to the      control gate will appear across the floating gate thin tunnel oxide. 
A stacked-gate flash memory cell is provided having step-shaped poly-gates      with increased overlap area between them in order to increase the coupling      ratio and hence the program speed of the cell. The floating gate is first      formed with a step and the intergate dielectric is conformally shaped      thereon followed by the forming of the control gate thereon. The increase      in the-overlap area can be achieved by forming gates with multiply      connected surfaces of different shapes. 
A transistor array has vertical FET transistors each connected to a storage      capacitor of a memory cell array. Gate electrode strips, which form word      lines, of the transistors are located on both sides of active webs running      parallel to one another and are connected to a superimposed metal plane by      word line or CS contacts. To insulate these word line contacts from the      other elements of the transistor array and of the cell array, the word      line contacts are located in deep trenches that are introduced into the      webs. 
A high density vertical merged MOS bipolar capacitor gain cell is realized      for DRAM operation. The gain cell includes a vertical MOS transistor      having a source region, a drain region, and a floating body region      therebetween. The gain cell includes a vertical bi-polar transistor having      an emitter region, a base region and a collector region. The base region      for the vertical bi-polar transistor serves as the source region for the      vertical MOS transistor. A gate opposes the floating body region and is      separated therefrom by a gate oxide on a first side of the vertical MOS      transistor. A floating body back gate opposes the floating body region on      a second side of the vertical transistor. The base region for the vertical      bi-polar transistor is coupled to a write data word line. 
In a trench-gated MIS device contact is made to the gate within the trench,      thereby eliminating the need to have the gate material, typically      polysilicon, extend outside of the trench. This avoids the problem of      stress at the upper corners of the trench. Contact between the gate metal      and the polysilicon is normally made in a gate metal region that is      outside the active region of the device. Various configurations for making      the contact between the gate metal and the polysilicon are described,      including embodiments wherein the trench is widened in the area of      contact. Since the polysilicon is etched back below the top surface of the      silicon throughout the device, there is normally no need for a polysilicon      mask, thereby saving fabrication costs. 
An antenna element includes a section which is electrically non-conductive,      a plurality of electrically conductive patches on the section which each      face in a predetermined direction, a feed arrangement electrically coupled      to the patches, and an annular strip of conductive material supported on      the section and extending around the patches free of electrical contact      therewith. A plurality of these antenna elements can be used to form an      array, where one of the antenna elements has several other antenna      elements provided at spaced locations around it. Each antenna element can      include, on a side of the section opposite from the patches, an      electrically-conductive portion with a cavity which faces the section. 
An integrated circuit (101) includes electrical circuitry (105) formed on a      substrate (103). An interconnect layer (109, 117) is formed over the      electrical circuitry (105). In one example, a plurality of      magneto-resistive random access memory cells (MRAM) (161, 171) is      implemented above the interconnect layer. Each of the MRAM cells comprises      a magneto-resistive tunnel junction (MTJ) storage element. A transistor      (130) is formed-over the interconnect layer (109, 117). In one embodiment,      the transistor is implemented as a thin film transistor (TFT). In one      embodiment the transistor is a select transistor and may be coupled to one      or more of the MTJ storage elements. Access circuitry (203, 205, 207, 209)      is formed on the substrate (103) under the plurality of MRAM cells (161,      171). 
A memory including memory cells having active and passive layers may store      multiple information bits. The active layer may include an organic polymer      that has a variable resistance based on the movement of charged species      (ions or ions and electrons) between the passive layer and the active      layer. The passive layer may be a super-ionic material that has high ion      and electron mobility. The active layer may be self-assembled from a      monomer in a liquid or gas. 
Methods of forming integrated circuit capacitors include the steps of      forming a first electrically insulating layer having a conductive plug      therein, on a semiconductor substrate, and then forming second and third      electrically insulating layers of different materials on the first      electrically insulating layer. A contact hole is then formed to extend      through the second and third electrically insulating layers and expose the      conductive plug. Next, a conductive layer is formed in the contact hole      and on the third electrically insulating layer. A step is then performed      to planarize the conductive layer to define a U-shaped electrode in the      contact hole. The third electrically insulating layer is then etched-back      to expose upper portions of outer sidewalls of the U-shaped electrode,      using the second electrically insulating layer as an etch stop layer.      However, the second electrically insulating layer is not removed but is      left to act as a supporting layer for the U-shaped electrode. This second      electrically insulating layer preferably comprises a composite of a      nitride layer and an oxide layer. To increase the effective surface area      of the U-shaped electrode, an HSG layer may also be formed on the inner      and outer sidewalls of the U-shaped electrode. 
A ferroelectric memory comprising a select transistor and a ferroelectric      capacitor is characterized in that the ferroelectric capacitor includes a      dummy capacitor and a memory capacitor the first electrodes (storage node      electrodes) of which are connected to one of the source and drain of the      select transistor and which draw the same hysteresis curve, the second      electrodes of the dummy capacitor and the memory capacitor are connected      to a first plate line and a second plate line, and the potentials of these      plate lines are set so as to polarize the dummy capacitor and the memory      capacitor in opposite directions to each other with respect to the first      electrode. 
A monolithic integrated circuit including a capacitor structure. In one      embodiment the integrated circuit includes at least first and second      levels of interconnect conductor for connection to a semiconductor layer      and a stack of alternating conductive and insulative layers formed in      vertical alignment with respect to an underlying plane. The stack is      formed between the first and second levels of conductor. Preferably the      stack includes a first conductive layer, a first insulator layer formed      over the first conductive layer, a second conductive layer formed over the      first insulative layer, a second insulator layer formed over the second      conductive layer, and a third conductive layer formed over the second      insulative layer, with the first and third conductive layers commonly      connected. 
Without forming a silicide film on a surface of a photodiode PD formation      portion and a surface of a drain portion of a reset transistor T1 having      an impurity region as a drain connected to an impurity region of the      photodiode PD, the silicide film is formed on a surface of a source      portion of the reset transistor T1 and a surface of a source/drain portion      of other MOS transistors. 
An exemplary CMOS image sensor comprises a plurality of pixels arranged in      an array. The plurality of pixels includes a first pixel proximate an      optical center of the array, and a second pixel proximate a peripheral      edge of the array. The CMOS image sensor further comprises a first metal      interconnect segment associated with the first pixel situated in a first      metal layer, and a second metal interconnect segment associated with the      second pixel situated in the first metal layer. The second metal      interconnect segment is shifted closer to the optical center of the array      than the first metal interconnect segment so that the second metal      interconnect segment approximately aligns with a principle ray angle      incident the second pixel, thereby reducing pixel light shadowing. 
A photodiode for use in an imager having an improved charge leakage. The      photodiode has a doped region that is spaced away from the field isolation      to minimize charge leakage. A second embodiment of invention provides a      second implant to improve charge leakage to the substrate. The photodiodes      according to the invention provide improve charge leakage, improved      reactions to dark current and an improved signal to noise ratio. Also      disclosed are processes for forming the photodiode. 
A standard cell architecture with a basic cell that spans multiple rows of      the standard cell. This multi-row basic cell may be a dual-height cell      that spans two rows, or it may span more than two rows. The multi-row      basic cell may be intermixed in a standard cell design with smaller,      single-height cells for high-density applications. The single-height cells      may be used where possible and higher-drive dual-height basic cells where      larger transistors are desired. Other multiple height cells may also be      included if even more current is desirable. The power rail may include      conductors of varying width. 
A synchronous double-data-rate semiconductor memory device is adapted to      receive write data on both the rising and falling edges of a data strobe      signal derived from an externally-applied system clock. In the write path      circuitry for each data pin of the device, adjustable delay elements are      provided to enable the adjustment of the setup and hold times of write      data applied to the data pin relative to the data strobe signal. The      delays are separately adjustable for data present during the rising edge      of the data strobe signal and for data present during the falling edge of      the data strobe signal. The setup and hold window for write data is thus      optimizable on a per-bit basis rather than a per-cycle basis. In one      embodiment, a delay circuit is provided for generating delaying the rising      edge data and the falling edge data by different delay intervals. 
The invention relates to a base station for a radio communications network.      In order to be able to enhance the resolution for a direction of arrival      estimation, the base station comprises: a first phasing network (31) for      forming beams (B.sub.1 -B.sub.4) for fixed reception angles; a second      phasing network (33) for co-phasing and summing the signals of at least      two neighbouring beams (B.sub.2, B.sub.3), thus forming a beam (B.sub.2-3)      for a reception angle in-between at least those two neighbouring beams      (B.sub.2, B.sub.3), and for scaling each resulting beam (B.sub.2-3) with a      predetermined factor; and means for estimating the direction of arrival in      the uplink from the beams (B.sub.1 -B.sub.4, B.sub.2-3) provided by the      first and the second phasing network (31, 33). The invention equally      relates to a corresponding method and to a base station module comprising      such a first and second phasing network. 
In a MOS array, current loss at distances further away from the drain and      source contacts is compensated for by adjusting the length of the      polygate. In an array with drain and source contacts near the middle of      the structure, the length of the polygate tapers off along the width of      the polygate towards both ends of the polygate. 
The invention relates to the protection of devices in a monolithic chip      fabricated from an epitaxial wafer, such as a wafer for a Group III-V      compound semiconductor or a wafer for a Group IV compound semiconductor.      Devices fabricated from Group III-V compound semiconductors offer higher      speed and better isolation than comparable devices from silicon      semiconductors. Semiconductor devices can be permanently damaged when      exposed to an undesired voltage transient such as electrostatic discharge      (ESD). However, conventional techniques developed for silicon devices are      not compatible with processing techniques for Group III-V compound      semiconductors, such as gallium arsenide (GaAs). Embodiments of the      invention advantageously include transient voltage protection circuits      that are relatively efficiently and reliably manufactured to protect      sensitive devices from undesired voltage transients. A protection circuit      can be monolithically integrated with the protected circuit or can be      packaged in a separate integrated circuit. 
A bipolar transistor includes the first group of transistors 610a, the      second group of transistors 610b, the third group of transistors 610c and      the fourth group of transistors 610d. The groups of transistors have unit      transistors with emitters, bases and collectors that are connected      electrically in parallel and the number of unit transistors is different      from group to group and 2, 4, 8, and 16, respectively. 
An ESD protection circuit has a VDD bus, a VSS bus, an IC pad, a PMOS      transistor coupled to the IC pad and the VDD bus, and an NMOS transistor      coupled to the IC pad and the VSS bus. The pitch of the PMOS can smaller      than the pitch of the NMOS, and the drain-contact-to-gate-spacing (DCGS)      for the PMOS can be smaller than the DCGS for the NMOS. 
A bi-directional silicon controlled rectifier formed in a silicon layer and      disposed over shallow trench isolations and therefore electrically      isolated from the substrate to be insensitive to substrate noise for      electrostatic discharge protection an electrostatic discharge protection      device that includes a semiconductor substrate, including a first p-type      portion, a first n-type portion contiguous with the first p-type portion,      a second p-type portion contiguous with the first p-type portion and the      first n-type portion, a second n-type portion, a third p-type portion, a      third n-type portion contiguous with the third p-type portion, and a      fourth p-type portion contiguous with the third p-type portion and the      third n-type portion, wherein at least one of the first p-type portion,      second p-type portion, third p-type portion, fourth p-type portion, first      n-type portion, second n-type portion, and third n-type portion overlaps      the isolation structure. 
In a group III nitride compound semiconductor light-emitting device, a      light-emitting layer having a portion where an InGaN layer is interposed      between AlGaN layers on both sides thereof is employed. By controlling the      thickness, growth rate and growth temperature of InGaN layer which is a      well layer and the thickness of AlGaN layer which is a barrier layer so      that they are optimized, the output of the light-emitting device is      enhanced. 
The present invention provides a nitride semiconductor light emitting      device with an active layer of the multiple quantum well structure, in      which the device has an improved luminous intensity and a good      electrostatic withstanding voltage, thereby allowing the expanded      application to various products. The active layer 7 is formed of a      multiple quantum well structure containing In.sub.a Ga.sub.1-a N      (0.ltoreq.a&lt;1). The p-cladding layer 8 is formed on said active layer      containing the p-type impurity. The p-cladding layer 8 is made of a      multi-film layer including a first nitride semiconductor film containing      Al and a second nitride semiconductor film having a composition different      from that of said first nitride semiconductor film. Alternatively, the      p-cladding layer 8 is made of single-layered layer made of Al.sub.b      Ga.sub.1-b N (0.ltoreq.b.ltoreq.1). A low-doped layer 9 is grown on the      p-cladding layer 8 having a p-type impurity concentration lower than that      of the p-cladding layer 8. A p-contact layer is grown on the low-doped      layer 9 having a p-type impurity concentration higher than those of the      p-cladding layer 8 and the low-doped layer 9. 
A high reflective and conductive metal substrate instead of a GaAs      substrate which is a light absorption substrate is utilized for the light      emitting diode. The processes include forming a mirror protection film on      the light emitting epi-layers. The mounting between the reflective and      conductive metal substrate on the protection film is though a metal      adhesive layer. Afterward, the temporal GaAs substrate is removed.      Thereafter, a trench is formed to remove a portion of light emitting      epi-layers to expose a p-type ohmic contact epi-layer and the first ohmic      contact metal electrode of the light emitting epi-layers. Then the second      ohmic contact metal electrode and a wire bonding layer formation are      followed. The LED can enhance capability of the light reflect instead of      light absorption. 
The nitride-based semiconductor laser device 10 has a stacked structure      comprising a first contacting layer 14, a first cladding layer 16, an      active layer 20, a second cladding layer 24, a second contacting layer 26      and a second electrode 30 which are consecutively stacked, the second      cladding layer 24 comprises a lower layer 24A and an upper layer 24B, the      first cladding layer 14, the active layer 20 and the lower layer 24A of      the second cladding layer have a mesa structure, the upper layer 24B of      the second cladding layer and the second contacting layer 26 have a ridge      structure, an insulating layer 40 covering at least part of each of both      side surfaces of the upper layer 24B of the second cladding layer is      formed on the portions of the lower layer 24A of the second cladding layer      which portions correspond to the top surface of the mesa structure, and      further, a metal layer 42 having substantially the same width as the mesa      structure is formed on the top surface of the insulating layer 40 and the      top surface of the second electrode 30 such that the metal layer 42      continues from one top surface to the other. 
A light emitting chip with heat dissipating structure, which emits light as      electricity flows through and is applicable as the light source for LED.      The light emitting chip is composed of epitaxy chip and electrodes, and      uses insulating material with good heat-dissipation to form the substrate      of the emission layer. To improve the heat dissipation rate, the substrate      has plural openings filled with conducting metals, so the substrate has      better heat conductivity and dissipation rate. 
The present invention provides a GPS device for measuring the wave height      and current direction and speed, which is capable of accurately measuring      the wave height (height of the waves) and current direction and speed      (tidal current) in any point on the sea, ocean, lake, or marsh, and to a      system using such a device. The GPS receiver 2 of the GPS device 1 for      measuring the wave height and current direction and speed processes the      GPS signals received with the GPS antenna 3 and measures the      three-dimensional position of antenna 3. The three-dimensional position      data are recorded by the data recording unit 4 connected to the GPS      receiver 2. When the floating body 5 having those devices 2-4 installed      thereon floats on the sea or ocean, it moves together with the waves and      tidal current in the present location. The software 7 for conducting      high-pass filter processing and smoothing processing is installed in the      data processing unit 6, and the data on the wave height and current      direction and speed are output, while the errors are being removed from      the three-dimensional position data recorded in the data recording unit 4. 
A nitride semiconductor laser device of high reliability such that the      width of contact between a p-side ohmic electrode and a p-type contact      layer is precisely controlled. The device comprises a substrate, an n-type      nitride semiconductor layer, an active layer, and a p-type nitride      semiconductor layer. All the layers are formed in order on the substrate.      A ridge part including the uppermost layer of the p-type nitride      semiconductor layer of the p-type nitride semiconductor layer i.e., a      p-type contact layer is formed in the p-type nitride semiconductor layer.      A p-side ohmic electrode is formed on the p-type contact layer of the top      of the ridge part. A first insulating film having an opening over the top      of the ridge part covers the side of the ridge part and the portion near      the side of the ridge part. The p-side ohmic electrode is in contact with      the p-type contact layer through the opening. A second insulating film is      formed on the first insulating film. 
An active matrix substrate includes a row and column array of active      elements. Each element is associated with a TFT having a gate electrode      connected to a corresponding row conductor and source and drain      (electrodes connected to corresponding column conductors. Circuitry for      protecting against electrostatic discharge (ESD) is connected to at least      one of the row conductors for protecting the TFTs against ESD. 
The invention provides a thin-film semiconductor device, which reduces or      prevents an undercut from being produced below a thin film when a pattern      including an intersection is formed in the thin film. The invention also      provides a method of manufacturing the same. A semiconductor film has a      pattern including a bent shape or a projected shape. One line segment and      another line segment, which define an intersection of the bent shape or      the projected shape and which are consecutive, have an additional line      segment interposed between ends of the one line segment and the other line      segment form a smooth intersection in which each of the angles formed      between the additional line segment and the one line segment and between      the additional line segment and the other line segment is greater than      90.degree. and less than 180.degree.. 
A semiconductor device and a method for forming the same are disclosed. The      semiconductor device comprising an insulated gate field effect transistor      provided with a region having added thereto an element at least one      selected from the group consisting of carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen, said      region having established at either or both of the vicinity of the      boundary between the drain and the semiconductor layer under the gate      electrode and the vicinity of the boundary between the source and the      semiconductor layer under the gate electrode for example by ion      implantation using a mask. It is free from the problems of reverse leakage      between the source and the drain, and of throw leakage which occurs even      at a voltage below the threshold ascribed to the low voltage resistance      between the source and the drain. 
A substrate is overlaid with each pixel electrode and a TFT connected      thereto, each scanning line and each data line which are connected to the      TFT, each pixel potential side capacitance electrode which is connected to      the pixel electrode and which constitutes a storage capacitor, each fixed      potential side capacitance electrode which is arranged in opposition to      the pixel potential side capacitance electrode via a dielectric film and      which constitutes the storage capacitor, and a contact hole which      electrically connects the fixed potential side capacitance electrode and a      lower light shield film disposed under the TFT so as to shield the TFT      from the entrance of light. Thus, in an electro-optical device having the      TFT, crosstalk, burn-in ascribable to the narrowing of the storage      capacitor are prevented or substantially prevented from occurring, and      also a light leakage current in the TFT is prevented or substantially      prevented from being generated. 
A thin film transistor array substrate including an insulating substrate, a      first metallic pattern formed on the insulating substrate, and an      insulating film provided on the first metallic pattern. A semiconductor      pattern is provided on the insulating film, and a second metallic pattern      is provided on the semiconductor pattern. The second metallic pattern is      surrounded by the semiconductor pattern. 
A semiconductor device structure includes a substrate, a dielectric layer      disposed on the substrate, first and second stacks disposed on the      dielectric layer. The first stack includes a first silicon layer disposed      on the dielectric layer, a silicon germanium layer disposed on the first      silicon layer, a second silicon layer disposed on the silicon germanium      layer, and a third silicon layer disposed on the second silicon layer. The      second stack includes a first silicon layer disposed on the dielectric      layer, and a second silicon layer disposed on the first silicon layer.      Alternatively, the silicon germanium layer includes Boron. 
A superconducting quantum-bit device based on Josephson junction has a      charge as a first principal degree of freedom assigned to writing and a      phase as a second principal degree of freedom assigned to reading. The      device comprises a Cooper-pair box comprising first and second Josephson      junctions defining a charge island of the Cooper-pair box closing up onto      a superconducting loop. A read circuit comprises a read Josephson junction      J.sub.L inserted into the superconducting loop and having a Josephson      energy E.sub.j at least 50 times greater than the Josephson energy of each      of the first and second Josephson junctions. 
In the nitride semiconductor device of the present invention, an active      layer 12 is sandwiched between a p-type nitride semiconductor layer 11 and      an n-type nitride semiconductor layer 13. The active layer 12 has, at      least, a barrier layer 2a having an n-type impurity; a well layer 1a made      of a nitride semiconductor that includes In; and a barrier layer 2c that      has a p-type impurity, or that has been grown without being doped. An      appropriate injection of carriers into the active layer 12 becomes      possible by arranging the barrier layer 2c nearest to the p-type layer      side. 
A memory device with multiple bits per-cell. The memory device includes a      side electrode; a doped semiconductor region disposed laterally in contact      with a sidewall of the side electrode, such that the doped semiconductor      region forms a diode, or the junction between the side electrode and the      doped semiconductor region forms a diode; a layer of phase-changing      material disposed laterally in contact with a sidewall of the doped      semiconductor region, such that the doped semiconductor region is disposed      between the layer of phase-changing material and the side electrode; and      an upper electrode disposed on the layer of phase-changing material. Many      storage regions can be stacked vertically, and multiple bits can be stored      in one cell. Also, the contact area is reduced to a minimum dimension      below the photolithographic limit. 
A position determination system of a hybrid method, which is capable of      complementing the problems of a position determination method, in which a      global positioning system (GPS) is used, and a position determination      method, in which a mobile communication signal is used, by combining the      above two methods with each other, is provided. Also, it is possible to      improve the reliability and the correctness in determining the position of      a mobile communication terminal using a dispersing type hybrid position      calculation method and a centralized hybrid position calculation method. 
A method of manufacturing chalcogenide memory in a semiconductor substrate.      The method includes the steps of forming a N+ epitaxy layer on the      semiconductor substrate; forming a N- epitaxy layer on the N+ epitaxy      layer; forming a first STI in the N+ and N- epitaxy layers to isolate a      predetermined word line region; forming a second STI in the N- epitaxy      layer to isolate a predetermined P+ doped region; forming a dielectric      layer on the N- epitaxy layer; patterning the dielectric layer to form a      first opening and performing a N+ doping on the N- epitaxy layer via the      first opening such that a N+ doped region is formed in the N- epitaxy      layer and connected to the N+ epitaxy layer; patterning the dielectric      layer to form a second opening and performing a P+ doping on the N-      epitaxy layer such that a P+ doped region is formed; forming contact plugs      in the first opening and the second opening respectively; and forming an      electrode on each contact plug, wherein the electrode includes a lower      electrode, a chalcogenide layer and an upper electrode. 
An apparatus includes: a switch for switching voltage application from a      power source to a detector; a voltage generator for supplying high voltage      to a radiation source; and a control means for controlling a light source      control means. When a control signal input to the switch is set to low      voltage and an electrode of a first conductive layer and a stripe      electrode are set at same potential, the control means sets control signal      input to the light source control means to low voltage, making a planar      light source emit preexposure light to perform empty reading, wherein      preexposure light is irradiated onto a reading photoconductive layer.      After irradiation of preexposure light and empty reading is stopped,      radiation is irradiated onto the first conductive layer while recording      voltage causing avalanche amplification is applied between the first      conductive layer and the stripe electrode, thereby recording an      electrostatic latent image in the detector. 
A die having at least one opto-electronic device disposed on a front-side      of the die has its backside mounted to a submount with the backside      positioned to align the front-side opto-electronic devices with respect to      the submount. A first set of alignment features are formed on the backside      of the die which are aligned to the front-side. The first set of a      alignment features is then aligned to a second set of alignment features      disposed on the submount and the backside is bounded into place. 
There is provided a displacement measuring device of which assembled state      can be determined optically with ease. There is also provided a light spot      position sensor usefully applicable in determination of the assembled      state of the displacement measuring device. An optical encoder comprises a      scale and a sensor head that is arranged opposite to the scale and can      move relative to the scale. The sensor head includes a sensor substrate,      on which an index grating and a photosensitive device array are formed.      The sensor substrate is also employed to mount a light spot position      sensor and a light source for providing a light beam entering the light      spot position sensor via the scale to configure a state detection system      for detecting an assembled state. 
The present invention is a method and device for identifying recording      media in a printer. The invention utilizes fine structure of the media      revealed by illumination from one or more directions to distinguish among      different kinds of plain papers, coated papers, such as glossy papers, and      transparency films. Multiple light sources at different incidence and/or      orientation angles apply light on the test surface, and scattered light is      converted into signals and then analyzed. Various metric and analysis      techniques can be applied to the signals to determine the media type. 
A method for aligning existing layers formed prior to a new layer and the      new layer in forming the new layer on a wafer 4, wherein a microscope 6 as      a first measurement condition and a microscope 7 as a second measurement      condition are used, and marks 4a and 4b formed in each of said existing      layers are measured by switching the first and second conditions, and said      existing layers and said new layer are aligned based on measurement of      mark position of each of said existing layers, and the microscope 7 has a      plurality of measurement conditions as optical characteristics, and the      measurement conditions are switched. 
An ion beam processing device has a sample holder for fixing a sample on      which a section has been formed by irradiation of a specified focused ion      beam from a surface side, and gas ion beam irradiation device for      irradiating a gas ion beam to a region of the sample fixing using the      holder member that contains the section to remove a damage layer on the      section. The gas ion beam from the gas ion beam irradiation device      irradiates the section from a rear surface side of the sample at a      specified incident angle. 
A lithographic projection apparatus for EUV lithography includes a foil      trap. The foil trap forms an open structure after the EUV source to let      the EUV radiation pass unhindered. The foil trap is configured to be      rotatable around an optical axis. By rotating the foil trap, an impulse      transverse to the direction of propagation of the EUV radiation can be      transferred on debris present in the EUV beam. This debris will not pass      the foil trap. In this way, the amount of debris on the optical components      downstream of the foil trap is reduced. 
An apparatus for customizing focused ion beam (FIB) probes is described.      Prior to taking probe measurements, the probe tips are milled with a beam      of gallium ions on a microlathe platform. A motor rotates the probes such      that the probe tips are uniformly milled. 
There is provided an electron beam exposure technique which permits optical      adjustment in an electron optics system using a doublet lens necessary for      large field projection. Electron beam exposure equipment having a part forming one image by at      least two electromagnetic lenses, has means measuring the position of an      electron beam near an image plane with changing excitation of at least two      lenses at the same time; and control means feeding back the measured      result to aligners or the intensity of the lenses. 
Systems and methods for automated detection and removal of solar      interference in real time from NEXRAD or other similar radar products. The      radar site latitude and longitude and scan elevation time are extracted      from the radar data and a position of the Sun is determined for the      extracted latitude and longitude and scan time. A radial that has been      contaminated with solar interference is determined and the solar      interference is removed from that radial; The removal process does not      impact the timeliness of critical products, and conservatively removes      solar interference. In addition inaccuracies with NEXRAD clock time      synchronization are accounted for to ensure accurate results. 
An optical detection and orientation device is provided comprising a      housing having an excitation light source, an optical element for      reflecting the excitation light to an aspherical lens and transmitting      light emitted by a fluorophore excited by said excitation light, a      focusing lens for focusing the emitted light onto the entry of an optical      fiber, which serves as a confocal aperture, and a moveable carrier for      accurately moving said housing over a small area in relation to a channel      in a microfluidic device. The optical detection and orientation device      finds use in detecting fluorophores in the channel during operations      involving fluorescent signals. 
A system for determining the presence and optionally the position of an      ophthalmic product such as a contact lens in a container is provided. 
An apparatus and method for inline continuous and uniform ultraviolet (UV)      irradiation of recording medium is disclosed. The components of the      apparatus include a saddle for holding a recording medium such as a disc,      a conveyor that travels the saddle through a tunnel in which multiple UV      lamps are positioned to direct UV light on the recording media travelling      through the tunnel. This apparatus permits the concentration of a bonded      lubricant on the recording media to be substantially uniform. 
Ion optical methods and apparatus are provided for producing low energy ion      beams. The apparatus includes an acceleration electrode for accelerating      the ion beam, a deceleration electrode downstream of the acceleration      electrode for decelerating the ion beam, and an ion optical element      downstream of the deceleration electrode for inhibiting electrons in the      beam plasma from reaching the deceleration electrode. The deceleration      electrode is biased at a voltage that is selected to provide a potential      barrier to thermal ions in the beam plasma to inhibit the thermal ions      from reaching the acceleration electrode. The ion optical element maybe      implemented as an electron repulsing electrode or as a magnetic element.      The acceleration electrode, the deceleration electrode, or both, may be      segmented in a direction lateral to the ion beam to define individually      controllable electrode segments. The ion optical apparatus may be      implemented as an ion source extraction system or as a deceleration lens      system. 
A method for slowing and controlling a beam of charged particles includes      the steps of superimposing at least one magnetic field on a mass and      passing the beam through the mass and at least one magnetic field such      that the beam and the mass slows but does not stop the particles. An      apparatus for slowing and controlling a beam of charged particles includes      a bending magnetic field superimposed on a focusing magnetic field within      a mass. 
To prevent the displacement from an optical axis of a charged particle beam      from being made independent of the direction (parallel to or perpendicular      to the optical axis) of a magnetic field applied to a specimen, a system      including an electron microscope and using a charged particle beam optical      system is provided with a source of a charged particle beam, a condenser      optical system, a specimen to be observed, a system for applying a      magnetic field to the specimen, an imaging optical system and an image      observation/recording apparatus, is provided with first and second charged      particle beam deflection systems in order along a direction in which the      charged particle beam travels between the condenser optical system and the      specimen, is provided with third and fourth charged particle beam      deflection systems in order between the specimen and the imaging lens      system, and the quantity and the direction of the deflection of the      charged particle beam by each deflection system and the intensity and the      bearing of a magnetic field applied to the specimen are related according      to predetermined relation. 
In a method for producing a detector array for detection of X-ray      radiation, a stack is formed from a sequence of layers which are arranged      one above the other in a stacking direction and are connected to one      another. This results in a layer group, comprising at least one sensor      layer composed of a material which is sensitive to that radiation and a      separating layer, repeatedly. The stack is then broken down into slabs      such that a row sequence in one slab reproduces the layer sequence in the      stack. The slab is made contact with, optically or electrically, on at      least one of its surface faces. The rows which are formed from the sensor      layers in the slab are preferably subdivided by the introduction of      separating spaces into individual sensor elements or pixels. A reflector      material can be poured into the separating spaces. The method allows the      production of relatively large quantities of one-dimensional or      multidimensional detector arrays in a simple manner. 
An electromagnetic wave detecting device is provided, which comprises: a      detecting unit for transforming an electromagnetic wave into an electric      charge for detection, a reset unit for resetting the potential of the      detecting unit, a storing unit for storing a signal electric charge      generated in the detecting unit by the electromagnetic wave, a first      reading unit for reading the signal electric charge, and a second reading      unit for reading the potential of the signal electric charge stored in the      storing unit in a nondestructive manner. 
A radionuclide scanner in which multiple detectors are equipped with      collimators such that a circular rotation of the detector around a target      provides the movement needed for collimator sampling. This collimator      sampling is accomplished through strategic placement of the detector heads      relative to each other such that for any given projection, a complete      imaging of the projection is acquired by summing the complementary      contributions of the multiple detector heads at the projection under      consideration. 
A remote controller has a body and a seat. A holding portion is between the      body and the seat for being held by a hand of a user. The body is      installed with a trigger and a rotary wheel for being held and operated by      two hands of the user. The trigger is installed at an intersection of the      body and the holding portion. The rotary wheel is installed on the body      facing toward a lateral surface of the user. An angle is formed between an      axial line of the rotary wheel and a moving direction of the trigger,      wherein the angle is larger than 90 degrees. 
A device and method for detection of buried objects (40) utilizing a down      looking infrared array (140) having infrared detectors (170) positioned in      a sensor array (30). This sensor array (30) may also contain ground      penetrating radar (70) and EMI coils (80). All signals from the ground      penetrating radar (70), EMI coils (80) and down looking infrared array      (140) may be combined to generate alarms (1100). However, the down looking      infrared array (140) may be utilized as a sole means of detecting buried      objects (40). This device and method for detecting buried objects (40)      utilizing down looking infrared array (140) reduces the cost of      construction and maintenance of such a device. 
A method and system (100) for enhancing the determination of the presence      of a surface breaking or subsurface defect with an object (114) under test      are provided (FIG. 1). The method can include transferring ultrasonic      energy to an object (114) under test and sensing images (514, 514 ) of the      object (114) under test before and after transferring ultrasonic energy to      the object (114) with an infrared thermography camera (112). An increase      in temperature gradients in the areas adjacent a defect (516, 516 ) is      shown in the images (514, 514 ) produced by the camera (112), which      indicates the presence of the defect (516, 516 ). The temperature      gradients in the area of the defect (516, 516 ) and images of the defect      (516, 516 ) can be displayed to enable users to determine the temperature      gradient and thus the extent of the defect (516, 516 ). Digital images      (514, 514 ) of the before and after transferring ultrasonic energy can be      superimposed (514) to identify and illustrate the defect (516). 
Bolometer system and method for detecting, at BLIP levels, presence of      radiation over a broad range of wavelengths in an infrared spectrum and in      a temperature range from 20 K to as high as room temperature. The      radiation is received by a Si crystal having a region that is doped with      one or more of In, Ga, S, Se, Te, B, Al, P, As and Sb in a concentration      ratio in a range such as 5.times.10.sup.-11 to 5.times.10.sup.-6. Change      in electrical resistance .DELTA.R due to receipt of the radiation is      measured through a change in voltage difference or current within the      crystal, and the quantity .DELTA.R is converted to an estimate of the      amount of radiation received. Optionally, incident radiation having an      energy high enough to promote photoconductivity is removed before      detection. 
A system for obtaining an image of a cross-sectional surface of a workpiece      includes a shaped beam ion projection column oriented along a first axis.      The ion projection column projects an image of an aperture on the      workpiece surface, thereby excavating a portion of the surface and      exposing a cross-sectional surface. Because the ion beam is not focused on      the surface, a low brightness ion source can be used. A focused particle      beam column, typically a scanning electron microscope, is oriented along a      second axis that intersects the first axis at a selected angle. This      focused particle beam column generates a particle beam that is used to      image the cross-sectional surface exposed by the ion projection column. 
By use of charged particle beam images picked up in different conditions, a      positional displacement caused by parallax is analyzed, and an optics of      an apparatus for charged particle beam microscopy is corrected      automatically. An analysis method using phase difference of Fourier      transform images and having analytic accuracy lower than that for one      pixel is adopted for the displacement analysis. In addition, a degree of      coincidence between images calculated in this analysis method is used as a      criterion for evaluating the reliability of an analysis result. Since the      analysis method based on parallax is low in specimen dependency, the      operation range is expanded. In addition, by adopting a high-accuracy      displacement analysis method, the apparatus correction accuracy is      improved by one digit. A malfunction preventing flow is added using the      degree of coincidence as a judgement criterion. Thus, the apparatus can      deal with unmanned operation. In addition, the degree of coincidence can      be used as a monitor of inspection states or a record of states in an      inspection apparatus. 
A new geometry ion trap and its use as a mass spectrometer is described.      The ion traps can be combined linearly and in parallel to form systems for      mass storage, analysis, fragmentation, separation, etc. of ions. The ion      trap has a simple rectilinear geometry with a high trapping capacity. It      can be operated to provide mass analysis in the mass-selective instability      mode as well as the mass-selective stability mode. Arrays of multiple ion      traps allow combinations of multiple gas-phase processes to be applied to      the trapped ions to achieve high sensitivity, high selectivity and/or      higher throughput in the analysis of ions. 
A method of discriminating singly-charged ions from multiply-charged ions      using an inexpensive ion trap type mass spectrometer is provided. A      mass-analyzing method using an ion trap type mass spectrometer equipped      with a ring electrode and one pair of end cap electrodes temporarily traps      ions in a three-dimensional quadropole field to mass-analyze a sample. The      method comprises applying a main high frequency voltage to the ring      electrode forming a three-dimensional quadropole field; generating ions in      the mass analyzing unit or injecting ions from the outside and trapping      the ions of a predetermined mass-to-charge ratio in the mass analyzing      unit; applying a supplementary AC voltage having a plurality of frequency      components between the end cap electrodes and scanning the frequency      components of the supplementary AC voltage; and scanning a main high      frequency voltage and ejecting ions from the mass analyzing unit and      detecting thereof. With this, chemical noises can be reduced dramatically. 
An ion source using a corona discharge for ionizing a sample at high      efficient is provided. In the corona discharge generated at a tip end of a      needle electrode by application of high voltage thereto, the direction in      which the sample is introduced to the region of corona discharge and the      direction in which ions are drawn out of the corona discharge region are      substantially opposed to each other to improve the efficiency of      ionization and to maintain a stable discharge for a long period of time. 
The subject invention pertains to a methods and devices for ionizing a      sample material. The subject invention also relates to an ionization      source and to a method of sampling gas-phase ions from a sample. An      ionization source in accordance with the subject invention can be used in      conjunction with mass spectrometry or other sampling techniques. The      subject invention can utilize a means for desorbing gas-phase ions and      neutral molecules from a sample and a means to generate reagent ions where      the reagent ions ionize the desorbed neutral molecules so as to increase      the population of gas-phase ions. The subject invention can incorporate      laser radiation for desorbing gas-phase ions and neutral molecules from a      sample. In a specific embodiment, the subject invention provides an      ionization source that uses a pulsed laser for desorption, so as to      produce a population of desorbed neutral molecules from a sample, as well      as a number of gas-phase sample ions. In a further specific embodiment,      the pulsed laser radiation can be adjusted such that neutral molecules are      desorbed without the production of gas-phase sample ions by the laser      radiation. 
A mass spectrometer is disclosed comprising a mass filter for separating      ions according to their mass to charge ratio. The mass filter comprises a      plurality of electrodes wherein ions are radially confined within the mass      filter by the application of AC or RF voltages to the electrodes. One or      more transient DC voltages or one or more transient DC voltage waveforms      are progressively applied to the electrodes so that ions having a certain      mass to charge ratio are separated from other ions having different mass      to charge ratios which remain radially confined within the mass filter. 
A sequential comparison type AD converter comprising series resistors for      generating at respective connection portions reference values to convert      an analog value to an m-bit digital value; a comparator for sequentially      comparing the analog value and one of the reference value and outputting a      digital value; a plurality of capacitive elements for distributing any one      of the reference values by capacitance ratio; and a control unit for      switching a value compared to the analog value by the comparator from a      reference value to a distribution value of the plurality of capacitive      elements when the comparator outputs an m-bit digital value, wherein the      analog value is converted to an (m+n) bit digital value. 
A torsion oscillator (FIG. 1) is stabilized in operation by determining the      current resonant frequency (62); in a first procedure, observing the      oscillator for change in resonant frequency (64), and then restoring the      amplitude and median offset (66) without changing the drive frequency. In      an alternative procedure, after determining the resonant frequency (62);      setting the drive frequency close to but offset from the current resonant      frequency (74), observing the oscillator for change in resonant frequency      (76), and the restoring the close offset to the changed resonant frequency      (78). By operating slightly off peak, the direction of resonant change is      immediately known. The first procedure has less difficulties in      implementation, but requires more power. 
In a preferred embodiment, the invention provides a fiber optic pressure      sensor apparatus which includes a light source, a reflective sensor      diaphragm movable in accordance with pressure in a medium and an optical      fiber coupled to the light source for delivering a first wavefront of      light to the reflective sensor diaphragm. The optical fiber has an endface      which is separated from the reflective sensor diaphragm by a gap, the      endface receiving a second wavefront of light reflected from the      reflective sensor diaphragm. The first and second wavefronts      constructively and destructively interfere to create a modulated optical      signal. A spectrometer is coupled to the optical fiber for converting the      optical signal into a series of digital values, and means for analyzing      the digital values is provided for obtaining a measurement of the pressure      in the medium. An optical coupler is preferably provided for coupling the      light source, the optical fiber, and the spectrometer. A power monitoring      optical detector means may be coupled to the light source by the optical      coupler. A graded-index lens may be coupled to the endface of the optical      fiber. The angle between the endface and a longitudinal axis of the      optical fiber may be formed to be between zero and 11 degrees. A sealed or      vented sensor body may be provided. In sealed embodiments, organic      adhesives are preferably used to seal the sensor body. The means for      analyzing the digital values preferably includes means for recovering      phase information from the modulated optical signal by taking a Fourier      transform of the modulated optical signal. Sensor gap measurements are      then derived from this phase information. 
A photodetector capable of making a more accurate measurement, a      photodetecting method, a program, and a storage medium, are to be      provided. The photodetector according to the present invention measures a luminance      characteristic of a specific color outputted from a display unit under a      specific illumination light. According to the photodetector of the present      invention, color components of the illumination light and color components      of the specific light are separated from each other by means of a light      separator 60f. Then, using an operator Md for the display unit, the color      components of the specific color thus separated are converted from LMS to      XYZ by means of a converter 60g for the display unit. Further, using an      operator Mi for illumination, the color components of the illumination      light thus separated are converted from LMS to XYZ by means of a converter      60h for illumination. Thus, since the operator for the display unit and      the operator for illumination are used each independently for the      conversion from RGB to LMS, even a stacked color of both display unit      output and illumination light can be measured with a higher accuracy. 
A wavelength locker for monitoring the wavelength drift of a laser uses a      pair of detectors for detecting a power component of the laser beam and a      wavelength component of the laser beam, respectively. Various positionings      of the power detector and/or variations to the collimating lens provide a      compact arrangement with fewer components. 
The position of a light blocking object is detected not only within a      display screen, but also outside the display screen. With the use of the      function of detecting the position in a region outside the display screen,      it becomes possible to provide virtual buttons in this region and detect      dust around a light retro-reflector. Dirt on the light retro-reflector is      detected based on the levels of light receiving signals of optical units. 
A photoelectric sensor is disclosed that comprises a sensor unit having a      casing. The casing includes one surface having a first display and a      second display. The first display is structured and arranged to display a      threshold value that may be set by an operator of the photoelectric      sensor. The second display is structured and arranged to display the      actual conditions sensed by said photoelectric sensor. The sensor also      includes a selection device for selecting different operational values to      display on the second display. The selection device can include a      mechanism disposed on the casing for changing the different operational      values on the second display. The selection device can also include an      adjustment switch disposed on the casing. The adjustment switch allows the      operator to adjust the threshold value shown on the first display while      the second display shows at least one of the actual conditions sensed by      the photoelectric sensor. The photoelectric sensor can be an integrated      sensor or can include at least two parts, namely a sensor head and a main      body unit. The sensor also can have a plurality of different display      setting modes that can be shown on the displays and an operator may set      these modes. These different modes include a power setting mode, a hold      setting mode and a timer setting mode, each of which can have a plurality      of displayable conditions. 
Photoelectric proximity switch for detecting the presence of an object in a      monitored area. A light pulse transmitter emits transmitting light pulses      into the monitored area. The pulses are triggered by an output signal of a      random signal generator or a pseudo-random signal generator and are      emitted with a time interval between them. A light receiver is arranged in      relation to the light pulse transmitter and to the monitored area such      that in the absence of an object to be detected in the monitored area, the      receiver receives essentially no light from the light pulse transmitter,      but in the presence of an object to be detected in the monitored area, it      receives such light from the light pulse transmitter due to reflection      that a receiving signal evaluating device connected to the light receiver      and to random signal generator or the pseudo-random signal generator      delivers an object detection signal. 
A first device comprising a first current mirror is used to amplify the      output of a first photodetector. A second device comprising a current      mirror arrangement is employed to amplify the output of a second      photodetector. The outputs of the two devices are then compared to provide      a signal useful for many applications, including that for determining the      position of a rotating member or of a member in relative motion to another      member. Preferably, no feedback action is used for the amplification of      the output of at least one of the photodetectors. 
A shared photodetector active pixel sensor uses a single photodetector      between two different active pixels. The photodetector has a number of      connection portions, which allow connecting to the different photodetector      portions. 
An active cell for a photosensitive sensor that includes photosensitive      diode in which the transistors of the cell are implemented using CMOS      technology. The cell operates with an exposure phase in which the quantity      of light impinging on the cell is detected followed by a scanning phase      during which the luminance information caused by the impinging light is      extracted from the cell. The cell is arranged in such a way to virtually      completely isolate the charge accumulation node from the remainder of the      cell after the exposure phase to eliminate stray accumulation of charge      carriers. 
Using an operational amplifier with a low gain in a closed loop amplifier      circuit, and correcting for errors (i.e., deviation from the output of an      ideal closed loop amplifier using an operational amplifier with infinite      gain) that would result from the use of the operational amplifier with low      gain. In an embodiment implemented in relation to an analog to digital      converter (ADC), a mathematical operation is performed on the digital      code(s) generated by the ADC to generate a corrected code corresponding to      an analog sample. 
The present invention is directed to a solid state imaging device      comprising a red pixel, a blue pixel, a first green pixel, a second green      pixel, two analog-to-digital converters and a color interpolation circuit.      The first analog-to-digital converter converts the output of the red pixel      and output of the blue pixel into digital signals. The second      analog-to-digital converter converts the output of the first green pixel      and output of the second green pixel into digital signals. The color      interpolation circuit combines the digital signals to determine the color      of the pixel. The solid state imaging device may further comprise a third      analog-to-digital converter, a fourth analog-to-digital converter, a      programmable clock generator and a control. The third analog-to-digital      converter converts the output of the blue pixel into a digital signal and      the fourth analog-to-digital converter converts the output of the second      green pixel into a digital signal. The programmable clock generator has a      first clock frequency and a second clock frequency, where the first clock      frequency is slower than the second clock frequency. The control is      coupled to the programmable clock generator, the third analog-to-digital      converter and the fourth analog-to-digital converter. The control      deactivates the third and fourth analog-to-digital converters if the      programmable clock generator is at the first clock frequency, and the      control activates the third and fourth analog-to-digital converters if the      programmable clock generator is at the second clock frequency. 
A confocal imaging system for imaging a surface. The system includes an      area array sensor having rows of sensors for detecting light reflected      from the surface, and an optical system arranged to focus light from      different focal planes on the surface to different sensor rows of the area      array sensor. 
Commercial microwave oven including a main cabinet for enclosing and      protecting various components, having air inlet holes, a base frame under      the main cabinet having a box form with an opened top and a front part      with a plurality of air outlet holes, a bottom plate on the base frame, an      inner case in a space above one side part of the bottom plate, the inner      case having a cooking chamber formed therein, a magnetron on a lower part      of an outside of the inner case, a transformer for regulating a voltage      provided to the magnetron, a waveguide on an underside of the bottom      plate, a fan in a rear of outside of the inner case, and a flow guide for      guiding air passed through the magnetron toward air outlet holes, thereby      cooling components effectively, reducing a volume, and cost of the      product. 
This invention provides a heating and cooking apparatus in which foods can      be accommodated in a heating chamber with good maneuverability and an      appropriate finish can be obtained. A temperature detector detects      infrared radiation through an opening provided on a wall surface opposed      to an opening part for taking in and out foods of a heating chamber. The      temperature detector detects the temperature of a plurality of parts on a      sealing having the substantially same electric wave penetrability as that      of the bottom surface of the heating chamber. Accordingly, even when two      foods are arranged right and left irrespective of the size of the foods,      the temperature of both the foods can be detected. Then, the user does not      needs to extend a hand to the interior of the heating chamber and arrange      the foods in front and back positions. 
A surface-heating element for a curved surface and method of producing a      heating element is provided. The heating element includes a continuous,      planar conductor arranged along a longitudinal axis including a plurality      of turns connected by regions being generally transverse to the      longitudinal axis. The conductor including end portions each having a      terminal for receiving electrical current. The heating element also      includes a film applied to one side of the conductor and configured to      substantially follow an outer contour of the conductor. The film and the      conductor form a continuous web generally centered about the longitudinal      axis, and at least one turn connecting two generally transverse regions      extends beyond the continuous web. The heating element may also include an      adhesive layer on the other side of the heating element sealingly engaging      the film. 
A susceptor device comprises a susceptor base body, a temperature      controlling section, an adhesive layer which attaches the susceptor base      body and the temperature controlling section unitarily, an O-ring which is      disposed near a peripheral section of the adhesive layer, a circular      O-ring which is disposed on a bottom surface of the temperature      controlling section, an O-ring supporting section which surrounds the      temperature controlling section and compresses the O-rings on the      temperature controlling section, and pushup screws which push up and fix      the O-ring supporting section toward the temperature controlling section.      By doing this, it is possible to protect the adhesive layer from an      external environment. Also, it is possible to provide a susceptor device      having a superior temperature controlling characteristics for the plate      sample, operational stability, and durability. 
A heater assembly that is capable of uniformly heating a wafer in an      apparatus for manufacturing a semiconductor device is provided. The heater      assembly preferably includes a susceptor configured to support a substrate      (wafer). A plurality of heaters can be disposed under the susceptor to      heat the wafer. A support is preferably disposed below the heaters to      support the heaters, and a power supply provides an electric current to      operate the heaters. The support can include a heat-shielding portion that      restricts heat conduction between the heaters. The heat-shielding portion      preferably comprises heat-resistant material arranged in a groove formed      on the support. The heat-shielding portion also preferably supports      adjacent peripheral portions of the heaters. Electrical current provided      to the heaters is preferably controlled such that the temperature of the      heaters are operated in a range of about 390.degree. C. to 420.degree. C.      Alternatively, a single or multiple ring-shaped heaters having an internal      radiating space can be provided below a peripheral portion of the      susceptor to uniformly heat the wafer. 
The present invention discloses a household sectional oven and warmer      cooking apparatus, which comprises an electric heating device therein for      controlling the heating temperature and time of an oven by a switch      control, an opening disposed at the top of the oven, a meat grilling pan      having a larger depth and mounted around the periphery of the opening, a      hotdog broiler disposed above the meat grilling pan and comprising a      plurality of parallel cylinders at an appropriate distance apart from each      other, a bread tray with a smaller depth disposed above the hotdog broiler      and having a plurality of through holes disposed at the bottom of the      bread tray, and a lid for covering the whole oven and warmer apparatus and      keeping it warm. With a quick, convenient, and flexible installation of a      meat grilling pan, a hotdog broiler, and a bread tray onto the oven, the      electric heating device and each cooking food item are kept in an      appropriate distance with partitions to avoid the food from being burned      and achieve the purpose of heating and warming the food appropriately. The      overall structure is simple, low-cost, and easy-to-clean, which      constitutes an economic convenient household cooking apparatus. 
An apparatus for baking a semiconductor wafer having a resist pattern      thereon includes a baking oven in which the semiconductor wafer is placed      and heated, and a first hot plate which is provided in the baking oven to      heat an entire bottom surface of the semiconductor wafer. The apparatus      also includes a gas supply unit having a gas introducing path, through      which the purge gas is introduced into the baking oven, and a gas exhaust      path, through which the purge gas is exhausted out of the baking oven. A      gas temperature controller controls a temperature of the purge gas in      order that the purge gas flowing around a peripheral edge or outer portion      of the wafer has a higher temperature than that around the center or inner      portion of the wafer. 
The invention relates to an applicator comprising a) an elongated chamber      (3) having an opening for a glue stick and a nozzle (6) for distributing      melted glue, b) means for gradually pushing the stick into the chamber (3)      and c) two heating elements (13.sub.1, 13.sub.2), each of which comprises      a channel (15.sub.1, 15.sub.2) made from an electrically resistant      material and which can be connected to an electrical power source. Said      channel (15.sub.1, 15.sub.2) is formed on an electrically insulated      surface of a substrate (14.sub.1, 14.sub.2) which is arranged so as to be      in thermal contact with a mass of glue contained in the chamber (3). The      heating element (13.sub.1, 13.sub.2) is applied against an external      conformal surface (2.sub.1, 2.sub.2) of a heating body (2), one surface of      which defines said chamber (3). The heating body (2) is made from a      heat-conducting material. 

A method and circuit for improving linearity of a folding or flash      analog-digital-converter (ADC) circuit. Averaging resistors connect      outputs of each of a bank of first pre-amplifiers. A series adjustment      resistor is placed between each node connecting the output of a first bank      pre-amplifier and the associated averaging resistor, and the input of each      of a second bank pre-amplifier. An adjustment current is injected through      the adjustment resistor during a calibration. A permanent value for      adjustment current is determined such that an effect of offset errors is      substantially minimized. 
The invention relates to a device for producing bound written material with      representative covers, for marketing texts, magazines, construction plans,      collections of drawings, contracts, offers and promotional literature      (catalogues) as required in small to medium sizes. A heatable ceramic      surface with an integrated heating element has several inductive and      thermal sensors on its underside, for detecting covers with a metal inlay      and for controlling the heat output. Said inductive sensors are partially      also supplemented with sensors with microswitches, optical sensors and      additionally, a pressure sensor if the device is to be used for binding      covers consisting of non metallic materials at the same time. The very      short time for heating up the ceramic heating surface made technically      possible by the invention and the use of the stored temperature is made      optimal use of through an internal flap system which is motor-operated.      Integrated ventilators ensure controlled ducted cooling which can also be      supported by Peltier elements embedded in the ceramic heating surface. The      inventive device can be used for binding different formats (DIN A4, DIN      A5) and thicknesses. 
A high-sensitivity, separation microcolumn assembly for a microgas      chromatograph and the like is provided. The assembly has an ultra-low mass      complete with integrated heaters. The assembly uses multiple zones for      temperature control, and microstructures that permit very rapid heating      and cooling of the microcolumn. 
In material machining by means of laser beams, in particular when engraving      for example metal or when blackening and marking on plastic material,      there is to be provided a process in which in spite of a high frequency of      machining pulses the required minimum energy per pulse is achieved. For      that purpose a plurality of laser beams are brought together by way of a      beam-combining means and passed by way of a common beam-guide means on to      the workpiece and in particular operated in time-displaced relationship. 
A method of laser beam machining which has a simple construction and which      is capable of suitably processing a part to be processed by means of laser      beams is provided. A plurality of laser diode arrays 3 are stacked and      disposed in such a manner as to allow radiation of laser beams in the      direction of a width W of a part 1 to be processed. Each of the laser      diode arrays 3 is controlled such that outputs 2R, 2L of laser beams with      which the part 1 to be processed is irradiated in its width (W)-wise      marginal portions 1R, 1L become higher than an output 2C of laser beams      with which the part 1 to be processed is irradiated in its width (W)-wise      central portion 1C. While the part 1 to be processed is irradiated with      the laser beams with the distribution of energy thus changed, the laser      beams are displaced relatively in the longitudinal direction of the part 1      to be processed. 
This invention relates to a method and apparatus for deflashing integrated      circuit (IC) packages by laser irradiation. The method and apparatus      include two lasers scanning flash area for performing deflashing      operation. CO.sub.2 laser is used to remove top layer of flash and YAG      laser is used to remove the thin layer of flash remained after CO.sub.2      laser deflashing. CO.sub.2 laser deflashing and following YAG laser      deflashing can effectively remove flash and avoid damage of heat sinks as      well as leads and bars in the IC packages. 
A method of welding two silicon workpieces (20, 22) together into one      member without the formation of cracks along the weld. A first method      passes current (34, 36) through one or both of the workpieces to heat them      to between 600 and 900.degree. C. Then an electric, laser, or plasma      welder (38, 40) passes along the seam (24) between the workpieces to weld      them together. A second method passing current (34) through a plate (60),      preferably formed of silicon, which either supports the workpieces or is      brought into contact with at least one of them, whereby the workpieces are      preheated prior to the welding operation. 
In accordance with one aspect of the invention, a plasma reactor has a      capacitive electrode driven by an RF power source, and the electrode      capacitance is matched at the desired plasma density and RF source      frequency to the negative capacitance of the plasma, to provide an      electrode plasma resonance supportive of a broad process window within      which the plasma may be sustained. 
Proposed is a device for welding metal elements, in particular studs, to      structural parts, having a welding head that has a collet chuck for the      accommodation of an element, having a feed unit for the feed of elements      into the chuck, and having a power supply means for the supply of electric      energy for a welding procedure. The chuck has at least two segments      electrically insolated from one another. It can be detected via an applied      test voltage whether a metal element to be welded is located in the chuck. 
An electric discharge machining apparatus for supplying machining electric      power to a gap between an electrode (1) and a workpiece (2). The apparatus      includes a gap dimension detection device (8) for detecting a dimension of      the gap, a gap average voltage detection device (11) for detecting an      average voltage of the gap, a gap dimension correction device (13) for      correcting the dimension of the gap, and a gap dimension correction      starting device (12) for starting the gap dimension correction device (13)      when a first comparison between a detected gap dimension and a      predetermined allowable value and a second comparison between a detected      gap average voltage and a predetermined reference average voltage are made      and the gap dimension detected by the first comparison is larger than the      predetermined allowable value and the gap average voltage detected by the      second comparison is smaller than the predetermined reference average      voltage. 
A high voltage switch contact structure capable of interrupting high      voltage, high current AC and DC circuits. The contact structure confines      the arc created when contacts open to the thin area between two insulating      surfaces in intimate contact. This forces the arc into the shape of a thin      sheet which loses heat energy far more rapidly than an arc column having a      circular cross-section. These high heat losses require a dramatic increase      in the voltage required to maintain the arc, thus extinguishing it when      the required voltage exceeds the available voltage. The arc extinguishing      process with this invention is not dependent on the occurrence of a      current zero crossing and, consequently, is capable of rapidly      interrupting both AC and DC circuits. The contact structure achieves its      high performance without the use of sulfur hexafluoride. 
A temperature to digital converter device is implemented by integrating a      temperature sensor circuit into an analog-to-digital converter (ADC).      Temperature-to-digital conversion is accomplished by first measuring a      change in voltage (.DELTA.V.sub.BE) across the junction of a diode when      different current densities are forced through the junction. The thus      obtained .DELTA.V.sub.BE is proportional to temperature. As part of the      conversion processing, .DELTA.V.sub.BE is multiplied by a fixed gain, and      an offset voltage value is subtracted from .DELTA.V.sub.BE. The      multiplication and subtraction functions are performed by a      switched-capacitor integrator in a delta-sigma ADC and the ADC itself      operates as the temperature-to-digital converter device, eliminating the      extra amplifier and/or capacitors required when the multiplication and/or      subtraction function are performed outside the ADC. Alternately, other ADC      topologies that include an integrator or gain amplifier, such as pipeline      ADCs and cyclic ADCs may be used in place of the delta-sigma ADC. 
A power use circuit breaker includes an arc generating switching unit which      adds an electrical resistance in a circuit during current interruption to      attenuate a current to be interrupted, a vacuum bulb which is electrically      connected in series with the arc generating switching unit and interrupts      the attenuated current and a current conducting switching unit connected      in parallel with the series circuit of the vacuum bulb and the arc      generating switching unit. For current conduction the current conducting      switching unit is closed after the vacuum bulb and the arc generating      switching unit are closed, and for current interruption after opening the      current conducting switching unit, the vacuum bulb and the arc generating      switching unit are opened. 
Drivers which are resiliently biased to leaf members bring portions to be      pushed and slide operating portions thereof into resilient contact with      pressing projections of a manipulating knob and conductive plates      respectively and hence, when the portions to be pushed are pushed by the      manipulating knob, the slide operating portions slide on the conductive      plates. Further, contact positions between the slide operating portions      and the conductive plates in a non-loaded state in which the manipulating      knob is not present is set by preliminarily considering that the drivers      are slightly rotated when the manipulating knob is mounted in a preloaded      state. Accordingly, the portions to be pushed are slightly elevated when      they are pushed by the manipulating knob. 
A force-storing unit for a tap changer has an output shaft journaled in a      support and a pair of parallel guide rods fixed on the support, defining a      longitudinal direction, and spaced parallel to the shaft. A force-storing      slide and an output part are displaceable longitudinally along the rods      between respective end positions. Teeth on the output part mesh with a      gear carried on the output shaft. Mechanism between a drive shaft and the      slide displaces the slide longitudinally on the rods in a direction      dependent on a rotation direction of the drive shaft and loads a spring      between the slide and the output part as the slide is moved longitudinally      relative to the output part. A latch connected between the slide and the      output part retains the output part in each of its end positions until the      slide moves into the respective end position. 
A cam-operated timer for a household appliance including a housing and a      switch wafer mounting in the housing used to receive and locate the wafers      to prevent inaccuracies in wafer thickness from accumulating through the      stack of wafers. The switch wafer mounting includes first and second      locating features for receiving first and second switch arm wafers. The      first switch arm wafer rests against the first locating feature, and the      second switch arm wafer is stacked atop the first switch arm wafer and      rests against the second locating feature. 
An element (20) for making an electric contact to another contact member      (19) for enabling an electric current to flow between said element (20)      and said contact member comprises a body having at least a contact surface      thereof coated with a contact layer (21) to be applied against said      contact member. This contact layer comprises a continuous film comprising      a laminated multielement material having strong bonds, such as covalent or      metallic bonds, within each atomic layer and weaker bonds, through larger      bonding distance or for example as van der Waals bonds or hydrogen bonds,      between at least some adjacent atomic layers thereof. 
An electric switch includes a drive shaft that can be actuated by means of      a hand crank and a blocking mechanism for blocking actuation of the drive      shaft. The hand crank has a shaft that can be displaced along the drive      shaft and that is protected against removal by the drive shaft and a crank      arm that is axially fixed on the shaft and is wound by the shaft. In order      to configure that blocking mechanism in such a way that a blocking force      substantially smaller in comparison with the torque of the drive shaft is      needed in order to block actuation of the drive shaft, a recess is      provided on the front side of the switch, into which the crank arm can be      lowered in an anti-rotational manner by displacing the shaft, wherein the      blocking mechanism that has been activated for blocking fixes the shaft      axially once the crank arm has been lowered into the recess. 
A scale 1 for weighing moving loads 17 includes a weighing platform 3      having an entrance end 5 and an exit end 7. The platform 3 is pivotal      about a transverse axis 9 between the entrance end 5 and exit end 7. A      first limit stop 13 is engageable to limit downward movement of the      entrance end 5 and a second limit stop 15 is engageable to limit downward      movement of the exit end 7. A weighing device 11 is connected to the      platform 3 and is operable to provide an indication of the weight of a      load 17 supported on the platform 3 when neither the first limit stop 13      nor the second limit stop 15 is engaged. 
An electronic weighing scale includes a body for use on a horizontal      surface for a weighing operation, a display on the body for displaying a      measured weight, and an electronic weighing circuit in the body for      measuring the weight of a person standing on the body. The weighing      circuit includes a zero-reset circuit for resetting the measurement to      zero prior to a weighing operation. The body includes a zero-reset member      incorporating an electrical switch operable by the zero-reset member to      trigger the zero-reset circuit. The zero-reset member engages the surface,      when the body is placed on the surface, for operating the switch to      trigger the zero-reset circuit. 
A multi-layer electronic circuit board design 10 having selectively formed      apertures or cavities 26, and which includes grooves or troughs 20, 22      which are effective to selectively entrap liquefied adhesive material,      thereby substantially preventing the adhesive material from entering the      apertures 26. 
An electrical lead-through bushing with an internal conductor surrounded by      an external conductor, extending together through a flange element, is      particularly suitable for a TDR (time domain reflectometry) measuring      system in which the fill level in a reactor pressure vessel of a nuclear      installation is monitored. The bushing is particularly suitable for use on      a vessel wherein comparatively high pressures and/or high temperatures may      prevail. For this purpose, a first space region, formed on a first side of      the flange element between the internal conductor and the external      conductor surrounding it, is sealed off with respect to a second space      region, formed on a second side of the flange element by the internal      conductor and the external conductor surrounding it, by way of a number of      sealing rings. 
Methods and devices for converting an analog input signal into a digital      output signal by means of an analog-to-digital converter are provided. The      analog input signal is multiplied by a first adjustable scaling factor to      form an analog intermediate signal. The analog intermediate signal is      converted into a digital representation. The digital representation is      multiplied by a second adjustable scaling factor to form a sample signal,      and a third adjustable scaling factor to form the digital output signal.      The level of the sample signal is determined and compared to first and      second threshold values, with the first threshold value being greater than      the second threshold value. The first adjustable scaling factor is      increased and the second and third adjustable scaling factors are      decreased if the sample signal level is higher than the first threshold      value. The first adjustable scaling factor is decreased and the second and      third adjustable scaling factors are increased if the sample signal level      is lower than the second threshold value. 
A wire connector for electrically connecting a pair of wires, allows      crimping the wires in place and thereafter allows for soldering of the      wires. A hollow sleeve, made from heat shrinkable polyolefin with a heat      activated adhesive layer, is translucent and tinted and has a      tubular-shaped solder member disposed therein. A body member, made from      tin plated annealed copper, is disposed within the solder member. The body      member has a channel having and a pair of spaced apart hoods the hoods      providing a medial opening for visual inspection of the connected wires. A      stop member is disposed within the channel. A first wire member is      inserted into the channel until it abuts the stop member, while a second      wire member, each wire member being either solid or stranded, is inserted      into the opposite end of the channel until it abuts the stop member. The      first hood and the second hood are each crimped thereby crimping their      respective wires. Thereafter, the hollow sleeve is heated causing the      solder member to melt and solder the two wires to the body member, while      the hollow sleeve heat shrinks and recovers to the wire insulation      providing a protective insulator with the adhesive providing a protective      barrier. 
One end of a terminal is formed in a tube shape, and a front end of a      covered electric wire in which a part of a covering is peeled is inserted      to the one end of the terminal, and is uniformly caulked from a periphery.      A length of the peeled covering is shorter than a depth of the tube-like      portion of the terminal. Accordingly, a part of the covering is received      in the tube-like portion and caulked so as to serve as an operation of a      packing, thereby preventing a water and an air from entering into an inner      portion of the tube-like portion. Further, since the tube-like portion is      uniformly caulked so as to be closely contact with the electric conductor,      it is possible to obtain a comparatively large contact area, and it is      possible to obtain a stable conduction. 
An apparatus that prevents tampering into an electrical device container in      which a power circuit is at least partially enclosed includes a housing      having an end that is adapted to be coupled to the container, an      electrical switch secured within the housing and adapted to be coupled to      the power circuit, and a skirt substantially covering the housing and the      electrical switch, and having a pliable shoulder portion that defines an      opening through which the housing end extends. The shoulder portion is      formed from a rubber material in an exemplary embodiment. 
A fire assembly that can be used for installing recessed electrical      fixtures into various structures such as wall assemblies is provided. The      fire assembly includes an electrical fixture contained within a generally      fire-resistant housing. The housing can enclose the electrical fixture in      such a manner that the resulting fire assembly has an integral structure.      In some instances, a support structure can be utilized to attach the      housing to the electrical fixture. Furthermore, the housing can be a      cube-shaped box have a variety of generally fire-resistant walls. These      walls can be made from materials such as sheet rock. 
A macroencapsulation container having in combination an inner container      member with an inner lid member and an inner body member, and an outer      container member with an outer lid member and an outer body member, the      inner container member being composed of a thermoplastic polymer material      that can be thermo-welded or thermo-bonded to itself by melting. The outer      container is composed of a metal. At least one electric resistance wire is      embedded in or mounted onto the inner lid member along the area of contact      with the inner body member, such that the inner lid member may be      thermo-bonded to the inner body member to create an integral, one-piece      inner container member encapsulating any material or containers disposed      within. 
An enclosure is disclosed which is highly secure, permits access to a      cabled network system only by one user at a time, permits visual and      unequivocal observation of the security status of the enclosure, and      prevents access to the interior thereof only by authorized persons. The      enclosure has back, front and side walls and an interior, with all      connections being internal. Limited interior access is provided only      through a door and a service opening. Within the enclosure is a system      connection device to the system, which is configured for access thereto by      only a single user at a time. A lock secures door closure. Thus access to      the cabled system through the enclosure is available only to one user at a      time and must be obtained through the open door, with usage thereby being      visually identifiable, and the door prevents unauthorized access. 
A conduit body assembly includes an elongate sidewall, at least one hub and      a glide member. The conduit body has an open upper end, a closed lower      end, and a conduit body interior. The hub extends from the body in      communication with the body interior and defines an access port for      passage of wire therethrough. The glide member is arranged within the body      interior adjacent to the access port for providing reduced frictional      engagement with wire passing through the access port. 
An umbilical connection for use in a hazardous environment like a floating      roof storage tank has one or more hydraulic hoses, one or more electrical      cables or a combination thereof. Each hydraulic hose has a static      dissipative and abrasion resistant covering. Each electrical cable has an      abrasion resistant coating. The hoses and cables are bundled and wrapped      in a static dissipative and abrasion resistant open mesh sheath or an      overbraid to form the umbilical connection. 
An EMI shield that utilizes a waveguide structure in which all or part of      the air flow opening has a non-uniform three dimensional shape. 
A joint arrangement for guiding a cable therethrough with a holding body      (201) and a leg (204) which is rotatably journalled on the holding body      (201) is disclosed. In the joint arrangement, a mechanism for limiting the      rotation of the leg relative to the holding body is provided in order to      protect a cable passed through the leg and holding body against excessive      twisting. The leg (204) is journalled on the holding body (201) with a      ball joint (205). Alternatively or additionally, the joint arrangement      includes a swivel joint having a sleeve wherein means for limiting      rotation are provided in the form of a stop pin and a stop formed on the      sleeve or in a sleeve. Electric operator-controlled elements can be      movably mounted on a surgical microscope with the joint arrangement. 
A coder and/or decoder system and method are provided including a variable      modulus. As an option, the modulus may reflect a steepness of a      probability distribution curve associated with a compression algorithm      (i.e. a negative exponential of the probability distribution). Moreover,      the modulus may depend on a context of a previous set of data, while      avoiding increasing as a function of a run length (i.e. a plurality of      identical bits in a sequence). 
AC module, integrating a solar battery and an inverter, can easily be      connected with other plural AC modules in parallel by way of cascade      connections. However, when the number of AC modules connected is      improvidently increased, the current flowing through the current path or      connector of the AC module exceeds a rated current. In view of this, the      current detector detects a current in the collective-power current path of      the AC module, and when the detected current value exceeds a value set in      the reference current setting circuit, the current detector stops the      inverter. 
The present invention relates to an arrangement of a rhythmic apparatus      with a vehicle sound apparatus that generates a first audio signal. The      arrangement comprises an electronic module and an electronic transducer.      The electronic transducer comprises conversion means of vibratory pulses      into electrical signals. The electronic module comprises a processing unit      having reception means for the signals from the electronic transducer and      conversion means for converting the signals into a second audio signal.      The processing unit is associated with a mixer unit having means for      combining the second audio signal with the first audio signal. 
In a memory of a communication setting apparatus, there is stored      communication setting information that collectively predefines a plurality      of communication condition parameters corresponding to a communication      mode. The plurality of communication condition parameters are intended to      set whether a plurality of kinds of tone performance data (e.g., tone      performance data based on operation on a keyboard and tone performance      data based on an automatic performance) and control data (e.g., tempo      clock data) should be transmitted or received. When a user has selected a      communication mode by operation of a predetermined switch, the      communication setting information corresponding to the selected      communication mode is read out from the memory, and tone performance data      and/or control data are set to condition for transmission or reception in      accordance with a plurality of communication condition parameters defined      by the communication setting information. 
Performance data and lyric data stored in an external storage device 35 is      read out in accordance with the progression of a song. The performance      data is sent to a tone generator 36, so that melody and accompaniment      tones are reproduced by use of the performance data. The lyric data is      sent to a display control circuit 14, so that lyrics represented by the      lyric data are displayed on a display unit 12. The timing at which the      lyrics are reproduced is determined by relative time data .DELTA.T added      to the lyric data, so that the lyrics are displayed at right positions      corresponding to bar and beat positions. When a bar has lengthy lyrics,      the width of the bar to be displayed on the display unit 12 is adjusted.      As a result, the position of lyrics displayed corresponds to the      progression of a song, resulting in users being capable of obtaining      timing in both performing a musical instrument and singing when they sing      a song while performing the musical instrument. 
Vibrating musical devices including a motorized drumstick that can generate      and/or distort sound when placed into contact with a surface. For example,      the motorized drumstick can generate a buzz roll on a drum or other      resonating surface. The drumstick includes a rod that is attached to a      handle. Located within the handle is a motor that can create an      oscillating movement of the rod. The oscillating movement may be induced      by an off-center weight that is attached to the motor. The motor and      weight may be incorporated into other musical devices. 
A drum includes a shell with two heads fixedly connected to two opposite      ends of the shell by two counterhoops. Each head includes a base, a      decoration layer on the base, a protection layer on the decorative layer      and a durable layer on the protection layer. The durable layer has ridges      extending therefrom so that the patterns on the decorative layer looks      like flapping when the head is beat. 
An improved drumshell construction comprising a first layer of sheet      material having elastic properties, a second layer of sheet material in      mating engagement with the first layer of sheet material, a means to bond      the two layers together, wherein the elastic modules of the first layer of      material is imparted to the second layer of material to enhance the      formation of a drumshell having varying sound absorptive and radiating      characteristics to control and enhance the timbre of the drumhead. 
A prescribed number of bars are arranged in a percussion instrument such as      a xylophone and marimba, wherein each bar is formed by a base layer, a      fiber reinforced plastic layer, and a surface layer that are combined      together using an epoxy adhesive therebetween. Both the base layer and      surface layer is made of the prescribed hardwood material such as      rosewood, hard birch, padauk, and Chinese quince, while the fiber      reinforced plastic layer is formed by laminating one or more fiber      reinforced plastic sheets, each of which is formed by impregnating and      hardening thermosetting epoxy resin with fibers. All fibers can be aligned      in a single direction slanted to the longitudinal direction of the bar.      Alternatively, fibers are woven in two directions rectangularly crossing      each other in a cloth form. Thus, it is possible to improve bars in      striking durability as well as in sound quality and design. 
A valve particularly intended to act as a water key for a musical wind      instrument comprises a ball 17 captively mounted inside a housing 15 and a      spring 18 which biases the ball 17 into an inlet aperture 12 of the valve.      An annular actuator 20 extends around the housing 15 and comprises a      plurality of projections 21 which extend radially inwardly through the      housing 15, the inner ends of the projections 21 surrounding the ball 17. In use, when the actuator 20 is pushed in any radial direction, the      projections 21 dislodge the ball 17 from the inlet aperture 12 to open the      valve and to allow fluid to pass into the valve through the inlet aperture      12 and out an aperture 16 in the valve, When the actuator 20 is released,      the ball 17 returns to its normal position under the spring bias to close      the aperture 12. The valve is simple in construction and provides a      reliable seal when closed, which is not prone to wear. 
An instrument support elbow includes a seat body. A coupling seat upward      extends from one side of the seat body for rotatably coupling with a      rotary block. The rotary block is formed with a radial through hole for a      support rod to extend therethrough. The rotary block is formed with a      cavity perpendicularly intersecting the through hole. A fixing member      passes through the cavity to the through hole. The fixing member is formed      with a ring hole corresponding to the through hole, whereby the support      rod extends through the ring hole and the through hole. A turning member      extending out of the rotary block serves to drive the fixing member to      move along the radius of the support rod. 
A method of communicating a message between an automotive device of an      automotive control area network and a non-automotive, industrial device of      a non-automotive, fieldbus network includes receiving a message of a      source format from one of the automotive device of the automotive control      area network and the non-automotive, industrial device of the      non-automotive, fieldbus network; translating the message of the source      format to a common language format; processing the message of a common      language format via a set of stored, configurable rules; translating the      processed message of a common language format to a destination message      format; and delivering the message in the appropriate destination format      to one of the automotive device and the non-automotive, industrial device. 
An inbred corn line, designated LH289, is disclosed. The invention relates      to the seeds of inbred corn line LH289, to the plants of inbred corn line      LH289 and to methods for producing a corn plant, either inbred or hybrid,      by crossing the inbred line LH289 with itself or another corn line. The      invention further relates to methods for producing a corn plant containing      in its genetic material one or more transgenes and to the transgenic      plants produced by that method and to methods for producing other inbred      corn lines derived from the inbred LH289. 
A novel cotton cultivar, designated DP 444 BG/RR, is disclosed. The      invention relates to the seeds of cotton cultivar DP 444 BG/RR, to the      plants of cotton DP 444 BG/RR and to methods for producing a cotton plant      produced by crossing the cultivar DP 444 BG/RR with itself or another      cotton variety. The invention further relates to hybrid cotton seeds and      plants produced by crossing the cultivar DP 444 BG/RR with another cotton      cultivar. 
A soybean cultivar, designated 19704280, is disclosed. The invention      relates to the seeds of soybean cultivar 19704280, to the plants of      soybean 19704280 and to methods for producing a soybean plant produced by      crossing the cultivar 19704280 with itself or another soybean variety. The      invention further relates to hybrid soybean seeds and plants produced by      crossing the cultivar 19704280 with another soybean cultivar. 
A novel soybean cultivar, designated 0332131, is disclosed. The invention      relates to the seeds of soybean cultivar 0332131, to the plants of soybean      0332131 and to methods for producing a soybean plant produced by crossing      the cultivar 0332131 with itself or another soybean variety. The invention      further relates to hybrid soybean seeds and plants produced by crossing      the cultivar 0332131 with another soybean cultivar. 
A soybean cultivar, designated 0332120, is disclosed. The invention relates      to the seeds of soybean cultivar 0332120, to the plants of soybean 0332120      and to methods for producing a soybean plant produced by crossing the      cultivar 0332120 with itself or another soybean variety. The invention      further relates to hybrid soybean seeds and plants produced by crossing      the cultivar 0332120 with another soybean cultivar. 
A soybean cultivar, designated 0332125, is disclosed. The invention relates      to the seeds of soybean cultivar 0332125, to the plants of soybean 0332125      and to methods for producing a soybean plant produced by crossing the      cultivar 0332125 with itself or another soybean variety. The invention      further relates to hybrid soybean seeds and plants produced by crossing      the cultivar 0332125 with another soybean cultivar. 
A soybean cultivar, designated 0332121, is disclosed. The invention relates      to the seeds of soybean cultivar 0332121, to the plants of soybean 0332121      and to methods for producing a soybean plant produced by crossing the      cultivar 0332121 with itself or another soybean variety. The invention      further relates to hybrid soybean seeds and plants produced by crossing      the cultivar 0332121 with another soybean cultivar. 
This invention relates to an isolated nucleic acid fragment encoding an      enzyme involved in lipid biosynthesis. The invention also relates to the      construction of a chimeric gene encoding all or a portion of the enzyme      involved in lipid biosynthesis, in sense or antisense orientation, wherein      expression of the chimeric gene results in production of altered levels of      the enzyme involved in lipid biosynthesis in a transformed host cell. 
The invention provides isolated auxin-responsive transcriptional regulatory      elements and polynucleotides associated therewith. The present invention      provides methods and compositions related to altering gene expression in      plants. The invention further provides recombinant expression cassettes,      host cells, and transgenic plants. 
The invention features methods for identifying compounds useful for the      treatment of Alzheimer s disease. 
A method and structure stores and/or transmits and receives data in      compressed form. Retrieval latencies are reduced by selectively      transmitting a portion of the data in uncompressed form. When the      apparatus is part of a computer architecture supporting main memory      compression, a selected L2 cache line belonging to the unit of main memory      compression is kept uncompressed. To minimize decompression latency, the      uncompressed L2 cache line is stored with the compressed-memory directory.      Alternatively, the uncompressed L2 cache line is stored in the compressed      memory together with the rest of the memory compression unit it belongs      to. 
A disposable absorbent article, e.g., a diaper, having a top sheet, a back      sheet, a core and a fluid acquisition system. The fluid acquisition system      is formed by wrapping a layer of a non-woven material about the core, so      that the marginal edge portions of the layer overlap each other over the      upper surface of the core. The overlapping marginal edge portions are      hydrophillic to form a dual layer fluid acquisition system. The remainder      of the layer of non-woven material is hydrophobic. An additional layer can      be located adjacent the overlapping portions to form a three layer      acquisition system. 
A wound dressing comprising an absorbent pad, an adhesive layer, and a      backing layer is described, along with a dressing support layer configured      to retain and deliver the wound dressing to a wound, the dressing support      layer having a radial configuration that forms a plurality of alternating      covered and uncovered portions of the backing layer along the perimeter of      the wound dressing. 
A process is described for co-producing metaxylene and paraxylene from a      hydrocarbon feed comprising two separation steps. The first step of the      process is a counter-current simulated moving bed system in a      chromatographic column containing at least five zones, comprising      injecting the feed and injecting a desorbent and delivering an extract, a      raffinate and an intermediate raffinate either continuously or      discontinuously. The extract is distilled to obtain a paraxylene with a      purity of at least 99.7%. The raffinate, which is richer in metaxylene, is      distilled to extract the desorbent and injected into a counter-current      simulated moving bed continuously delivering an extract and a raffinate.      One of these two streams is enriched in metaxylene. The most      metaxylene-rich stream is distilled to obtain metaxylene with a purity of      more than 99%. 
This invention is directed to a method of removing acetaldehyde, CO.sub.2      and/or water from an ethylene and/or propylene containing stream. In this      invention, acetaldehyde and C.sub.4 + olefins are substantially removed      from the ethylene and/or propylene containing stream. The stream is then      acid gas treated. The ethylene and/or propylene streams which are      separated and recovered according to this invention can be further      processed, for example, to make polymers such as polyethylene and      polypropylene. 
The invention is directed to a method for making a silicoaluminophosphate      (SAPO) molecular sieve from a reaction mixture comprising components      present in amounts sufficient to form the SAPO, the reaction mixture      having a first pH. The method comprises the steps of: adding an acid to      the reaction mixture after the reaction mixture undergoes a change in pH      from the first pH; and crystallizing the SAPO from the reaction mixture.      The present invention is also directed to a silicoaluminophosphate      molecular sieve made by this process. 
A palladium catalyzed cross-coupling of aryldiazonium salts with      organosilanes is disclosed. New reactions that are user friendly and      environmentally friendly are now possible, including some reactions that      could not be achieved using prior methods. The organosilanes that may be      cross-coupled with aryldiazonium salts include, for example,      Ar --Si(L).sub.3, where Ar =aryl, and where L.dbd.CH.sub.3, OCH.sub.3, F,      Cl, R, or OR. 
The present invention relates to compounds and derivatives thereof, their      synthesis, and their use as estrogen receptor modulators. The compounds of      the instant invention are ligands for estrogen receptors and as such may      be useful for treatment or prevention of a variety of conditions related      to estrogen functioning including: bone loss, bone fractures,      osteoporosis, cartilage degeneration, endometriosis, uterine fibroid      disease, hot flashes, increased levels of LDL cholesterol, cardiovascular      disease, impairment of cognitive functioning, cerebral degenerative      disorders, restenosis, gynecomastia, vascular smooth muscle cell      proliferation, obesity, incontinence, and cancer, in particular of the      breast, uterus and prostate. 
An antimicrobial compound, composition containing such compound, and method      of use of the same for reducing the presence of microorganism on a      substrate or in a fluid environment comprising an antimicrobial effective      carrier and one or more essential antimicrobial compounds including      non-halogenated naphthol compounds. 
A highly pure 2,4,4,6-tetrabromo-2,5-cyclohexadienone has been prepared in      a single pot, eco-friendly procedure in yields of 91-94% from phenol. In      this method, a mixture of alkali/alkaline earth metal bromide and      alkali/alkaline earth metal bromate was employed as brominating agent in      place of corrosive liquid bromine. The reaction between phenol and the      brominating reagent was initiated by the action of a mineral acid or      moderately strong organic acid. The crude product was further      characterized by standard analytical and spectroscopic methods. 
An integer coding method supporting diverse frame sizes and a coder-decoder      (CODEC) implementing the method are provided. Maximum sample values are      detected from a plurality of frames having different numbers of samples.      The detected maximum sample values are normalized on the basis of a      maximum sample value of the largest frame. A maximum sample value is      detected from the normalized sample values. Multiples are determined      according to the size of each frame on the basis of the detected maximum      sample value and a sample value of each frame is multiplied by the      multiples to generate an integer code. 
The present invention relates to an improved process for the synthesis of      enantiomerically pure 3-phenyl-3-hydroxypropylamine of formula I; more      particularly the present invention relates to the said process using      styrene;        STR1   the synthetic strategy features a Sharpless asymmetric dihydroxylation      (SAD) route to the target compound, using styrene, a readily accessible      starting material gives the optically pure dihydroxy compound (ee &gt;97%;      the selective monotosylation of primary alcohol, nucleophilic displacement      by cyano and subsequent reduction to amino group furnishes the desired      3-phenyl-3-hydroxypropylamine in enatiomerically pure form, a key      intermediate in the synthesis of variety of oxetine related      anti-depressant drugs. 
1. A peptide derivative represented by the following formula (1) or a salt      thereof;        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 is hydrogen atom or methyl group, R.sup.2 is hydrogen atom      or hydroxy group and n is an integer of 1-8, provided that R.sup.1 is      hydrogen atom when R.sup.2 is hydrogen atom, which has specific and high      binding affinity with the .mu.-opioid receptor. 
The invention relates to a process for obtaining anhydrous or substantially      anhydrous formic acid in which, during the work-up, a compound of the      general formula I        STR1   where the radicals R1 and R2 are alkyl, cycloalkyl, aryl or aralkyl groups,      or R1 and R2 jointly, together with the N atom, form a heterocyclic 5- or      6-membered ring, and only one of the radicals is an aryl group, and where      R3 is hydrogen or a C1-C4-alkyl group, is employed simultaneously as extractant for formic acid and as antifoam      for a distillation process. 
The present invention relates to a process for preparing (cyclo)aliphatic      diisocyanates and triisocyanates corresponding to the formula wherein     R represents a (cyclo)aliphatic hydrocarbon group having up to 15 carbon      atoms, provided that there are at least two carbon atoms between two      nitrogens,     n represents the number 2 or 3, by     a) separately heating phosgene and a diamine or triamine corresponding to      the formula 
Processes are disclosed for the manufacture of lactones, e.g.,      caprolactone, from hydoxy acids, e.g., 6-hydroxycaproic acid. The reaction      is conducted over a suitable catalyst in the presence of water. 
A process for preparing functional group-containing olefinic compounds      comprises the steps of (a) reacting at least one alkylidene phosphorane      with at least one carbonyl-containing compound that comprises at least one      group that is a leaving group, or that is capable of subsequent conversion      to a leaving group, to form an olefinic compound that comprises at least      one leaving group, the carbonyl-containing compound being selected from      the group consisting of ketones and aldehydes; and (b) reacting the      olefinic compound with at least one functional group-containing      nucleophile to form a functional group-containing olefinic compound. 
The invention relates to a process for the preparation, in a single step,      of enones by an aldol condensation of a ketone, such as a gem-dimethyl      cyclohexylethanone or gemdimethyl cyclohexenylethanone derivative, with an      aldehyde in the presence of a novel catalytic system and a co-ingredient,      such as a carboxylic acid anhydride or an anhydrous salt, and without the      pre-formation of an enolate. The catalytic system is a metal complex, such      as a [(Cl).sub.n (alkoxy).sub.4-n Ti] or [(Cl).sub.n (alkoxy).sub.4-n Zr]      complex where n is 1 to 3. 
A medicament comprising as an active ingredient a compound or a      physiologically acceptable salt thereof represented by general formula      (I):        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 represents a dicarba-closo-dodecaboran-yl which may be      substituted with a lower alkyl group, a lower alkenyl group, carboxyl      group or the like; R.sup.2 represents carboxyl group, a lower      alkoxycarbonyl group, or hydroxyl group; and X represents a single bond or      a linking group such as --CO--Y.sup.1 -- wherein Y.sup.1 represents oxygen      or --N(R.sup.3)-- wherein R.sup.3 represents hydrogen or a lower alkyl. 
This invention relates to copper(+1)(.beta.-diketonate)(L) and related      copper complexes such as copper (+1)(.beta.-ketoiminate)(L) represented by      the formula:        STR1   wherein X represents O or NR.sub.9, R.sub.1 and R.sub.3 are each      independently comprised of the group C.sub.1-8 alkyl, C.sub.1-8      fluoroalkyl, aryl, C.sub.1-8 alkoxy, and C.sub.1-8 alkyl ethers and      R.sub.2 is H, C.sub.1-8 alkyl, C.sub.1-8 alkoxy, and halogen, R.sub.9 is      C.sub.1-8 alkyl, C.sub.1-8 fluoroalkyl, phenyl, alkylphenyl,      trialkylsilyl, and L represents a ligand having the structure: wherein R.sub.4, is comprised of the group C.sub.1-8 alkanol, C.sub.1-8      alkoxyalkanol, C.sub.1-8 unsaturated alkoxyalkanol, trialkylsilanol,      C.sub.1-8 aalkylamine, phenylamine; R.sub.5, R.sub.6, and R.sub.7 are      comprised of the group H, C.sub.1-8 alkyl, triakylsilyl, alkoxy or phenyl. 
A continuous process for the epoxidation of olefins with hydrogen peroxide      in the presence of a heterogeneous catalyst promoting the epoxidation      reaction, whereby the aqueous reaction mixture contains i) an olefin; ii)      hydrogen peroxide; iii) less than 100 wppm of alkali metals, earth alkali      metals, both irrespective whether in ionic, complex or covalently bonded      form, bases or cations of bases having a pk.sub.B of less than 4.5, or      combinations thereof; and, iv) at least 100 wppm of bases or cations of      bases having a pk.sub.B of at least 4.5 or combinations thereof, whereby      the wppm are based on the total weight of hydrogen peroxide in the      reaction mixture. 
A method and apparatus to perform sample rate conversion using multiple      Multiply-Accumulate (MAC) units are described. 
Process for manufacturing oxirane by reaction of an olefin with a peroxide      compound in the presence of a catalyst and a solvent in at least two      reactors arranged in series, each of which contains a portion of catalyst,      according to which the peroxide compound is introduced only into the first      reactor, the subsequent reactor(s) not being fed with fresh peroxide      compound, but only with the peroxide compound which is present in the      medium obtained from the preceding reactor and which was not consumed in      this preceding reactor. 
A titanium-containing silicon oxide molded catalyst satisfying all of the      following conditions (1) to (4):     (1) an average pore diameter is 10 .ANG. or more,     (2) 90% or more of the whole pore volume have pore diameters of 5 to 200      .ANG.,     (3) a specific pore volume is 0.2 cm.sup.3 /g or more, and     (4) it is obtained by using as a template a quaternary ammonium ion of the      following general formula (I) or an amine of the following general formula      (II), then, removing the template. (in the formula (I), R.sup.1 represents a linear or branched hydrocarbon      group having 2 to 36 carbon atoms, and R.sup.2 to R.sup.4 represent an      alkyl group having 1 to 6 carbon atoms.) (in the formula (II), R.sup.5 represents a linear or branched hydrocarbon      group having 2 to 36 carbon atoms, and R.sup.6 and R.sup.7 represent      hydrogen or an alkyl group having 1 to 6 carbon atoms.). 
A process for converting paclitaxel or docetaxel to the respective      trihydrate characterized by very high purity, comprises dissolving either      paclitaxel or docetaxel in a mixture of alkane and chlorinated alkane to      provide a crude product of 65-75% assay and dissolving the crude product      in an alkyl ketone, followed by addition of an alkane to provide a product      of increased chromatographic purity; dissolving the product of increased      chromatographic purity in an aliphatic nitrile, with addition of water to      precipitate taxane trihydrate. 
Plastic additives which are useful as nucleating agents and which are      especially useful for improving the optical properties of polymeric      materials are provided. More particularly, this invention relates to      certain alkyl (or alkoxy) substituted fluoro-benzylidene sorbitol acetals      and polymer compositions thereof which may be utilized within, as merely      examples, food or cosmetic containers and packaging. These inventive      fluorinated and alkylated benzylidene sorbitol acetals are also useful as      gelling agents for water and organic solvents, particularly those used in      the preparation of antiperspirant gel sticks. 
An optically active N-protected azetidine-2-carboxylic acid (5) can be      produced by preparing an optically active 4-amino-2-halobutyric acid (3)     by halogenating an optically active 3-hydroxy-2-pyrrolidinone (1) with      inversion of configuration to prepare an optically active      3-halo-2-pyrrolidinone (2) followed by hydrolysis or     by halogenating an optically active 4-amino-2-hydroxybutyric acid ester (6)      with inversion of configuration to prepare an optically active      4-amino-2-halobutyric acid ester (7) followed by hydrolysis or     by halogenating the compound (6) with inversion of configuration to prepare      the compound (7), cyclizing the same to prepare the compound (2) followed      by hydrolysis,     further cyclizing the compound (3) followed by treating the reaction      product with an amino group-protecting agent. The thus-obtained compound      (5) can be improved its optical purity further by recrystallization        STR1   
Lovastatin, pravastatin, simvastatin, mevastatin, atorvastatin, and      derivatives and analogs thereof are known as HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors      and are used as antihypercholesterolemic agents. The majority of them are      produced by fermentation using microorganisms of different species      identified as species belonging to Aspergillus, Monascus, Nocardia,      Amycolatopsis, Mucor or Penicillium genus, some are obtained by treating      the fermentation products using the methods of chemical synthesis or they      are the products of total chemical synthesis. The present invention      relates to the new amine salts of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, the      preparation thereof, the preparation of pure HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors      via amine salts thereof, use of the amine salts of HMG-CoA reductase      inhibitors in the process for semisynthetic preparation of HMG-CoA      reductase inhibitors, use of the amine salts of HMG-CoA reductase      inhibitors in the process for biotechnological modification of HMG-CoA      reductase inhibitors as well as the conversion of the amine salts of      HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors into the pharmaceutically acceptable salts of      the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors and the conversion of the amine salts of      HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors into the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors in the      lactone form. 
Carboxylic acid amides of general formula        STR1   having an antithrombotic activity and a factor Xa-inhibiting activity.      Exemplary are:     (a)      N-[1-(3-amidino-phenyl)-2-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)-ethyl]-4-(2,5-dihydro-pyrrol-     1-yl-carbonyl)-3-methyl-benzamide,     (b)      N-[1-(3-amidino-phenyl)-2-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)-ethyl]-3-methyl-4-(pyrrolidin     -1-yl-carbonyl)-benzamide,     (c)      N-[1-(5-amidino-2-hydroxy-phenyl)-2-phenyl-ethyl]-3-methyl-4-(pyrrolidin-1     -yl-carbonyl)-benzamide, and     (d)      N-[1-(5-amidino-2-hydroxy-phenyl)-2-(pyridin-3-yl)-ethyl]-3-methyl-4-(pyrr     olidin-1-yl-carbonyl)-benzamide. 
Compounds of the formula (I) in which the substituents are as defined in      claim 1 are suitable for use as herbicides        STR1   
Substituted monocyclopentadienyl, monoindenyl, monofluorenyl and      heterocyclopentadienyl complexes of chromium, molybdenum or tungsten in      which at least one of the substituents on the cyclopentadienyl ring      carries a donor function which is bonded rigidly, not exclusively via      sp.sup.3 -hybridized carbon or silicon atoms, and a process for the      polymerization of olefins. 
This invention relates to a process for the synthesis and method of use of      an effective amount of a creatine heterocyclic acid salt for the      regulation athletic function in humans. 
A method an apparatus for symmetric line coding is provided where a binary      input signal d is received; a value for each of a pair of binary bits p      and q are dynamically defined in response to the input stream; and a pair      of output bitstreams v.sub.1 and v.sub.2 are dynamically generated in      accordance with the following: if d=1, then v.sub.1 =p and v.sub.2 =p, and      if d=0, then v.sub.1 =(1-q) and v.sub.2 =q. In illustrative embodiments of the invention, the generation may be      performed by symmetric-line coding machines, including: a bitstream      symmetric line coding machine, a regular bitstream symmetric line coding      machine, a complementary regular bitstream symmetric line coding machine,      a binary complementary regular symmetric line coding machine, a bitstream      parallel symmetric line coding machine, a regular bitstream parallel      symmetric line coding machine, a complementary regular bitstream parallel      symmetric line coding machine, and a binary complementary regular parallel      symmetric line coding machine. 
Primary intermediates for hair coloring compositions for oxidative dyeing      of hair are compounds of the formula (1):        STR1   where R.sub.1, and R.sub.2 are each individually selected from a hydrogen      atom, a C.sub.1 to C.sub.3 alkyl group, a C.sub.1 to C.sub.5 mono or      dihydroxyalkyl group; phenyl or benzyl optionally substituted with an      alkoxy group, or R.sub.1 and R.sub.2 together with the nitrogen atom to      which they are attached form a piperazine, piperidine, imidazole, or      morpholine ring. 
The invention relates to the use of morpholino-nucleosides of formula:        STR1   in which R.sup.1 represents a nucleic base and R.sup.2 represents a group      corresponding to one of the following formulae:     --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --NH.sub.2 --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --SH     --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --COOH --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --OH     --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --NH--R.sup.3 --(CH.sub.2).sub.n S--R.sup.3     --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --CO--R.sup.3 --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --OR.sup.3     in which n is an integer ranging from 1 to 12 and R.sup.3 is a group      derived from a label, from a protein, from an enzyme, from a fatty acid or      from a peptide, as chain terminators in a process of DNA or RNA sequencing      by the Sanger method, or for the labelling of DNA or RNA fragments. 
Purine phosphodiesterase 7 (PDE 7) inhibitors of the following formulas        STR1   wherein R.sup.1, Z, Y and J are described herein, and analogs thereof are      provided which are useful in treated T-cell mediated diseases. R.sup.2 is      defined by the following     (a) heteroaryl, or heterocyclo, either of which may be optionally      substituted with one to three groups T.sup.1, T.sup.2, T.sup.3 ;     (b) aryl substituted with one to three groups T.sup.1, T.sup.2, T.sup.3      provided that at least one of T.sup.1, T.sup.2, T.sup.3 is other than H;      or     (c) aryl fused to a heteroaryl or heterocyclo ring wherein the combined      ring system may be optionally substituted with one to three groups      T.sup.1, T.sup.2, T.sup.3. 
Disclosed are novel pyrazolobenzodiazepines having the formula        STR1   These compounds are useful in the preparation of the      pyrazolobenzodiazepines of formula I, which are useful in the treatment      and control of solid tumors. 
The present invention is directed, in general, to a method for making high      yields of functionalized cyclic or acyclic tertiary amine-containing      compounds, termed active esters, the functionalized compounds themselves,      and diagnostic or therapeutic systems incorporating such compounds. Ester      groups are attached to all but one of its Nitrogen atoms of the tertiary      amine-containing compound. Therefore, an active agent, in the presence of      coupling agent, attaches to the remaining amine via a carboxylate group      attached to the amine, to produce high yields of the active ester. The      active ester is then combined with a biomolecule, to produce high yields      of a bioconjugated product. A metal ion may be chelated to the      bioconjugated product to produce a chelating agent for use in either      diagnostic or therapeutic applications. 
This invention provides nucleic acid sequences, vectors and host cells      comprising regulatory regions associated with various promoters including      a cyclin D1 promoter, a CD40L promoter, three HBV promoters (core, pre-S1      and HBV-X), a vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) promoter, an androgen      receptor promoter, a Her2 promoter, and .beta.-lactamase promoter. The      invention further provides methods of regulating gene expression      comprising the regulatory regions of such promoters. 
Disclosed are Hansenula polymorpha mutants useful as host cells through      which various proteins can be produced as being intact at high yield and a      process for preparing recombinant proteins using the host cells. Using      various vectors, Hansenula polymorpha is made to be a mutant which is      deprived of methanol assimilating ability and incapable of utilizing      methanol as a carbon source. This Hansenula polymorpha mutant is used as a      high yield host to produce recombinant proteins without continuous feeding      of methanol, with the aid of an expression cassette carrying a promoter      capable of inducing the expression at a low concentration of methanol.      Further, the mutant is also lacking in carboxypeptidase Y, protease Y      and/or carboxypeptidase a activity, so the recombinant protein of interest      is not degraded at its carboxyl terminal when being expressed in the cell.      Thus, intact recombinant protein can be obtained. Also, there is disclosed      a pop-out technique in which a recombinant protein expression cassette is      inserted into a MOX gene site of the mutant and is allowed to pop out      therefrom, thereby utilizing the mutant as a host for general use in      producing various proteins of interest. 
The present invention relates to compositions and methods of treating and      diagnosing disorders characterized the by the presence of antigens      associated with inflammatory diseases and/or cancer, and nucleotide      sequences, including expressed sequence tags (ESTs), oligonucleotide      probes, polypeptides, vectors and host cells expressing such antigens      PRO301, PRO362 or PRO245. 
The invention relates to a polypeptide including (1) a receptor binding      domain of a Pseudomonas exotoxin A, and (2) at least two copies of a      peptide sequence. 
The present invention provides a unique approach for the diagnosis and      management of infections by Chlamydia species, particularly C. pneumoniae.      The invention is based, in part, upon the discovery that a combination of      agents directed toward the various stages of the chlamydial life cycle is      effective in substantially reducing infection. Products comprising      combination of antichlamydial agents, novel compositions and      pharmaceutical packs are also described. 
A method and apparatus for character entry and more particularly Chinese      character entry. The method improves the ease of entry for Chinese      characters on a device that has a keypad arrangement of at least a      3.times.3 matrix (106). For example wireless communication devices such as      radiotelephones have a keypad (108) for dialing phone numbers. Arranging      the Chinese characters on the device display in a 3.times.3 matrix to      match the at least 3.times.3 matrix of the keypad allows the user to      quickly select from the pin yin list (104) the key on the keypad that      corresponds to the desired character in the matching matrix. 
This application provides a human protein AMSH having the amino acid      sequence of SE ID No. 1 which is a novel signal transduction molecule      interacting with the SH3 domain of cytokine based signal transduction      molecule STAM; a gene encoding the above AMSH; a cDNA having the      nucleotide sequence of SEQ ID No. 2; and antibody against AMSH. 
The invention provides methods and compositions relating to Suppressor of      Death Domain (SODD) proteins which regulate cellular signal transduction      and transcriptional activation, and related nucleic acids. The      polypeptides may be produced recombinantly from transformed host cells      from the disclosed SODD encoding nucleic acids or purified from human      cells. The invention provides isolated SODD hybridization probes and      primers capable of specifically hybridizing with the disclosed SODD genes,      SODD-specific binding agents such as specific antibodies, and methods of      making and using the subject compositions in diagnosis, therapy and in the      biopharmaceutical industry. 
Highly purified Pluripotent hematopoietic colony-stimulating factor      (pluripotent CSF), a glycoprotein (MW 19,600) constitutively produced by      human tumor cells has been highly purified from low serum-containing      conditioned medium to apparant homogeneity. Pluripotent CSF supports the      growth of human mixed colonies (CFU-GEMM), granulocyte-macrophage colonies      (CFU-GM), early erythroid colonies (BFU-E) and induces differentiation of      human leukemic cells. The specific activity of the purified pluripotent      CSF in the CFU-GM assay is 1.5.times.10.sup.8 U/mg protein. 
An epimorphin protein having action to induce differentiation of milk      protein-producing cells into a branched luminal structure in Artiodactyls      including cows and sheep and comprising an amino acid sequence set forth      in SEQ ID NO: 1 in the Sequence Listing; and a gene encoding said protein      are provided. The epimorphin protein of the present invention can be used      as a medicament for Artiodactyls or an agent for modifying animal      properties. For example, the protein acts to enlarge the mammary gland of      cows or sheep to prevent the gland from clogging, thereby a yield of a      desired protein secreted in the milk of the animal is increased. 
The present invention refers to distamycin and derivatives thereof, such as      bromo- or chloro-acryloyl derivatives of distamycin, which are conjugated      with glutathione, to a process for their preparation and to pharmaceutical      compositions thereof. The compounds of the invention are endowed with a      remarkable antitumor activity and are thus useful in therapy in the      treatment of cancer. 
The invention relates to an aromatic liquid-crystalline polyester solution      composition comprising 100 parts by weight of a solvent (A) and 0.01 to      100 parts by weight of an aromatic liquid-crystalline polyester (B),      wherein the solvent (A) is a solvent containing 30% by weight or more of a      chlorine-substituted phenol compound represented by the following general      formula (I):        STR1   wherein A represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom or a tri-halogenated      methyl group, and i represents an integer of 1 or more and 4 or less, a      film obtained from the aromatic liquid-crystalline polyester, and a      process for producing the film. 
Chemical reactions are carried out with molten fluoropolymer, most      conveniently in an extruder, wherein the reaction zone in the extruder is      isolated from the melting zone, and the molten fluoropolymer is subdivided      in the reaction zone sufficiently that contact and reaction between the      reactant and the molten fluoropolymer in the reaction zone is essentially      free of mass transfer limitation, followed by devolatilization in      isolation from the reaction zone, and cooling the devolatilized      fluoropolymer. 
A polyol polymer having a greater number of hydroxy groups, an aliphatic      acid ester of a polyol polymer having a greater number of hydroxy groups,      and an aliphatic ether of a polyol polymer having a greater number of      hydroxy groups are provided. A polymer obtained by polymerizing a polyol      containing meso-erythritol, and an aliphatic acid ester and an aliphatic      ether of the polymer are provided. 
Polycarbonates are produced by reacting a monomeric carbonate component      with at least one diphenol or dialcohol in the presence of a      transesterification catalyst, wherein the molten component is mixed with      the transesterification catalyst by stirring and a transesterification      product is produced, which is polycondensated. For polycondensation, the      transesterification product is passed through a preliminary reactor, at      least one intermediate reactor and one final reactor, the reactors being      connected in series and having a substantially horizontal driven shaft      with stirrers attached thereto. It is ensured that in the preliminary      reactor and in the final reactor a dwell time of the melt of 5 minutes to      2 hours is maintained, that the temperatures in the preliminary reactor      are maintained in the range from 220 to 300.degree. C. and in the final      reactor in the range from 240 to 350.degree. C., and that the pressure in      the preliminary reactor is maintained in the range from 100 to 800 mbar      and in the final reactor in the range from 0.1 to 50 mbar. 
This invention relates to stable liquid modified diphenylmethane      diisocyanates which comprise a secondary amine based biuret modified      diphenylmethane diisocyanate having an NCO group content of about 12 to      about 30% by weight. The present invention also relates to stable liquid      biuret allophanate modified MDIs, to stable liquid prepolymers of biuret      modified MDIs, to stable liquid prepolymers of biuret allophanate modified      MDIs, and to processes for the preparation of these compositions. 

A keyboard (1) for use on an electronic device allowing input of both      alphabetic and numerical information adapted for use with a minimal number      of keys (2-73) and space. The keyboard includes numerical keys (39-41,      51-53, 63-65) arranged in the format used in telephones and a qwerty      arrangement of alphabetic keys (32-42, 44-54, 56-65). Multiple function      keys (67-69, 71) allow use to create all functions of a computer keyboard      for use in a small device. 
Siloxane-based polyamide elastomers can be prepared by heating a reaction      mixture containing an olefinic acid and an organic amine to form an      organic amide, and reacting the organic amide with a hydride functional      polyorganosiloxane in the presence of a hydrosilylation catalyst to form      the siloxane-based polyamide elastomer. The hydride functional      polyorganosiloxane contains at least one pendant hydrogen. The elastomers      are useful additives in personal care products and can be applied to the      hair, the skin, or the underarm. They can also be used to modify      thermoplastic nylons, and for treating woven and non-woven textiles, such      as air bags, carpeting, and apparel. 
The present invention provides an olefin polymer having a narrow molecular      weight distribution and a specific molecular weight, an olefin polymer      having a functional group introduced at the terminal, a tapered polymer      containing a segment wherein monomer composition continuously changes in      the polymer chain, an olefin polymer having different segments which are      bonded to each other, and a process for preparing these polymers. The      olefin polymers of the invention are polymers of olefins of 2 to 20 carbon      atoms and have a number-average molecular weight of not less than 500 and      Mw/Mn of not more than 1.5. In the process for preparing an olefin      polymer, an olefin of 2 to 20 carbon atoms is polymerized in the presence      of an olefin polymerization catalyst comprising a transition metal      compound represented by, for example, the following formula (I): wherein M is a transition metal atom of Group 3 to Group 11 of the periodic      table, m is 1 to 5, n is a number satisfying a valence of M, L is a ligand      coordinated to the central metal M and is a ligand containing a heteroatom      having no direct bond to the central metal, and X is a halogen atom, a      hydrocarbon group or the like. 
The present invention is directed to a method of forming a polymer      composition having quaternary alkane units and aromatic hydrocarbon units.      The aromatic hydrocarbon units have substituents of the general formula      R.sup.1 SiR.sup.2 R.sup.3 R.sup.4, wherein R.sup.1 is optional and is a      hydrocarbon or ether linking the silicon and the aromatic hydrocarbon, and      R.sup.2, R.sup.3, and R.sup.4 are one or more of hydrogen, alkyl, and      alkoxy, with the provision that no more than two may be hydrogen or alkyl. 
An objective of the present invention is to provide a hydrogenated modified      polymer which can afford a molded body excellent in improvement in the      balance among the impact resistance, the strength, the adherability and as      the appearance, and a process for producing the same as well as a      composition containing the same. Another objective is to provide a      composition which can afford a molded body excellent in the balance among      the flame retardancy, the tensile strength, the tensile extension, the      heat resistance, the characteristic at low temperature, the insulation      property, the pliability and the like. The hydrogenated modified polymer      of the invention is a hydrogenated polymer of a modified conjugated      diene-based polymer obtained by reacting an alkoxysilane compound to a      polymer which is polymerized a conjugated diene or a conjugated diene and      another monomer using an organic alkali metal compound as a polymerization      initiator in an inert organic solvent such as cyclohexane and the like.      The hydrogenated modified polymer composition of the invention contains      the above-mentioned hydrogenated modified polymer and at least one      selected from the group consisting of nonpolar polymer, polar polymer and      filler. 
The invention is directed to resin coating, adhesive, and cement      compositions comprising styrenic copolymers and a solvent comprised of a      terpene and certain high evaporation rate organic solvents. The high      evaporation rate terpene co-solvents reduce the drying times of applied      coatings and enhance the character of the ultimately applied coating in      the formation of high adhesion bonding with molded elastomeric styrene      copolymer surface substrates. The invention is also directed to a method      of applying the instant coatings to substrate surfaces. 
A substantially reactive and gel-free composition which comprises:     a. particles capable of reaction with a radiation curable resin;     b. a coupling agent for modification of the surface of said particles;     c. a radiation curable resin;     d. a radiation curable salt capable of inhibiting gel formation in said      composition. Upon radiation cure of the composition, composites with excellent      mechanical properties are obtained 
A process for the preparation of polyvinyl chloride (PVC) with controlled      molecular weight and molecular weight distribution is disclosed. The      polymerization reaction can be initiated by various organic halide      initiators in conjunction with a metal catalyst and an optional ligand in      organic solvents or water and in the presence of an optional comonomer.      The polymerization process provides PVC with a controlled molecular weight      and narrow molecular weight distribution. The chlorine containing polymers      compositions are useful as, among others, viscosity modifiers, impact      modifiers and compatibilizers. 
The present invention provides a catalytic system that can be used to      prepare by polymerization diene elastomers comprising polyisoprenes and      polybutadienes. The invention also provides a process for the preparation      of the catalytic system and to a process using the catalytic system to      prepare diene elastomers comprising polyisoprenes having a high cis-1,4      linkage content and polybutadienes. The catalytic system according to the      invention is based on (a) a conjugated diene monomer, (b) an organic      phosphoric acid salt of a rare earth metal, (c) an alkylating agent      consisting of an alkylaluminium of the formula AlR.sub.3 or HAlR.sub.2,      and (d) a halogen donor consisting of an alkylaluminium halide, and is      such that said salt is suspended in at least one inert and saturated      aliphatic or alicyclic hydrocarbon solvent and, the alkylating agent:rare      earth salt molar ratio ranges from 1 to 5. 
This invention provides catalyst compositions that are useful for      polymerizing at least one monomer to produce a polymer. This invention      also provides catalyst compositions that are useful for polymerizing at      least one monomer to produce a polymer, wherein said catalyst composition      comprises contacting an organometal compound, an organoaluminum compound,      and a solid, wherein said solid is selected from the group consisting of      titanium tetrafluoride, zirconium tetrafluoride, and a treated solid oxide      compound. 
The present invention is a process for transitioning from a first      polymerization catalyst system to a second polymerization catalyst system      incompatible with the first polymerization catalyst system in a gas-phase      reactor. The novel process comprises conducting a first polymerization      reaction using a first polymerization catalyst system; stopping the first      polymerization reaction; removing the contents of the first polymerization      reaction from the reactor while maintaining a substantially closed system;      then, in the substantially closed system, introducing a substantially      contaminant free seedbed into the reactor; introducing a second feed      system and a second catalyst system into the reactor; and conducting a      second polymerization reaction. 
The disclosure concerns an encoder for a position sensor, the encoder      having a multipole magnetic ring provided on its circumference with      alternating north poles and south poles for traveling past a measurement      cell that delivers a periodic signal corresponding to variation in the      intensity of the magnetic field delivered by the poles. 
Polymer solids are maintained in an intermediate pressure zone for a      desired polymer solids residence time and then transferred to a purge zone      or other lower pressure zone. An increase in the polymer solids residence      time in the intermediate pressure zone allows more diluent to flash or      separate, thereby avoiding or reducing the need for a low pressure flash      zone. A fluff chamber may be disposed between the intermediate pressure      zone and a lower pressure zone transporter tank may be used to transport      polymer solids after the intermediate pressure zone. 
The invention provides a method of making a number of different      multifunctional acrylic materials from a limited number of starting      materials. The method of the invention requires the product of a      masterbatch of an acrylic oligomer or polymer having two or more cyclic      carbonate functional groups. A first portion of the masterbatch is then      reacted with ammonia and a grafting material (c) in either successive or      simultaneous reactions to provide a first multifunctional acrylic oligomer      or polymer. Additional portions of the masterbatch may be reacted with      ammonia and other grafting materials (c), different from the first      grafting material (c), in either successive or simultaneous reactions to      provide different multifunctional acrylic oligomers or polymers. 
A polyester composition prepared by melting and blending a polyester with a      glycidyl ester compound, a glycidyl ether compound and a catalyst has good      hydrolysis resistance and, when melted, gives little gas generation and      undergoes little viscosity change. It is most favorable for parts of      automobile, electric and electronic appliances such as connectors. 
The invention provides multi-arm block copolymers useful as drug delivery      vehicles comprising a central core molecule, such as a residue of a      polyol, and at least three copolymer arms covalently attached to the      central core molecule, each copolymer arm comprising an inner hydrophobic      polymer segment covalently attached to the central core molecule and an      outer hydrophilic polymer segment covalently attached to the hydrophobic      polymer segment, wherein the central core molecule and the hydrophobic      polymer segment define a hydrophobic core region. The solubility of      hydrophobic biologically active agents can be improved by entrapment      within the hydrophobic core region of the block copolymer. The invention      further includes pharmaceutical compositions including such block      copolymers, methods of making such copolymers and pharmaceutical      compositions, and methods of using the block copolymers as drug delivery      vehicles. 
As an .alpha.-iminoester derivative that is stable under normal conditions      and a method of producing various .alpha.-aminoester derivatives using      them, a polymer-immobilized .alpha.-iminoester derivative represented by      the following general formula (1):        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 represents an alkyl chain of 1 or more carbons, and R.sup.2      represents a hydrogen atom, halogen atom, or an alkyl group, aryl group or      alkoxy group that may contain substituents, and a method of producing an      .alpha.-iminoester derivative using them are provided. 
A novel modified conjugated diene polymer is obtained by polymerizing a      conjugated diene compound with a specified catalyst consisting of      components (a)-(c) and then reacting with at least one specified compound      selected from the group consisting of components (d)-(l), and has a      content of cis-1,4-bond of not less than 85% and a ratio of weight average      molecular weight to number average molecular weight of not more than 4.      And also, a rubber composition comprises the modified conjugated diene      polymer a rubber ingredient. 
The process of the present invention provides for the manufacture of a      novel proton conductive polymer gel useful as backfill for sacrificial and      impressed current anode systems. The process of the present invention is      carried out in aqueous phase thus providing a cheaper option besides the      use of ingredients readily available in the international markets. The      polymer used as backfill is transformed into a proton conducting form in      the gelated network through an in-situ doping process during gelation. The      gel product produced can be sliced to sheet of any desired size suitable      and compatible to concrete or soil medium. The novelty of the product of      the present invention is that it can be used as backfill between any anode      such as sacrificial or impressed current mode and is adaptable to the      concrete surface both in the presence of moisture or absence of moisture,      which is not hitherto been achieved in prior art. Further, the specialty      of the utility of this product, is its compatibility with all the      sacrificial anodes such Mg, Al, Zn which is not hitherto been realized      with any of the earlier chemical backfill known for this application. 
The present invention provides a solid golf ball which gives a superior      shot feeling to the golfer and exhibits stabilized repulsion performance      when it is hit at any head speed. The solid golf ball of the present invention comprises a core containing at      least one layer which is molded by vulcanizing the rubber composition      including: (a) a base rubber, (b) a co-crosslinking agent, (c) an organic      peroxide, and (d) a polysulfide compound represented by the formula:        STR1   wherein at least one of R.sup.1 to R.sup.5 and at least one of R.sup.6 to      R.sup.10 are each Br, and n is an integer not less than 2. 
Compositions for injection-molding of long, thin-walled, one-piece squeeze      tubes include low-density polyethylene having a density less than about      0.925 g/cc and a melt index of at least about 50 g/10 minutes, and      polypropylene having a high melt index greater than about 800 g/10      minutes, wherein the high melt index is attained by peroxide degradation      of the polypropylene during melt processing. The compositions can also      include a polymer that is miscible and compatible with low-density      polyethylene and polypropylene for enhancing flow of the molding      composition in the mold, the polymer having a glass transition temperature      T.sub.g of about -20 to -40.degree. C., and/or metallocene resin having a      density less than about 0.915 g/cc. 
A propylene polymer composition comprising a propylene polymer prepared by      using a zirconocene catalyst having two aryl-substituted indenyl group and      having a melt flow rate (MFR) of 0.01 to 30 g/10 min and a second      propylene polymer prepared by using a zirconocene catalyst having a melt      flow rate (MFR) of 30 to 1,000 g/10 min and, if desired, a soft polymer, a      ratio of the MFR of the second propylene polymer to the MFR of the second      propylene polymer being not less than 30. These propylene polymer      compositions are excellent in heat resistance, mechanical strength,      tensile elongation at break, etc., and hence they can be favorably used      for various structural materials such as those of automobile and      electrical appliances, daily necessaries, various films and sheets. 
A parking system of a vehicle is disclosed. The parking system is connected      with a position input connection, for receiving vehicle position      information from a positioning system. The system comprises a map database      for extracting map information related to parking information for at least      one of a current parking section and a nearby area, based on the vehicle      position information, and an output connection for providing, based on the      extracted parking information, an alerting signal indicating the extracted      parking information. 
The present invention relates to a new dispersant composition used for      preparing ink for ink-jet, which provides long term fluidity at a fine      injection nozzle of ink-jet, shows a stable injection amount, and gives no      coagulation of pigment particles when ink for ink-jet is applied. 
Adhesives useful for adhering fluoropolymers are provided. The adhesives      are a blend of linear low density polyethylene, ethylene polymer      plastomer, polyolefin elastomer and modified polyolefin having acid or      acid derivative functionality. Composite fluoropolymer/adhesive structures      are also provided. 
A golf ball comprising a core, a cover, and at least one intermediate layer      disposed between the core and the cover, wherein the core has a      compression of less than about 60 and the intermediate layer is formed      from a blend comprising a polyurethane material, wherein the golf ball has      a compression of about 75 to about 85. 
A thermoplastic molding composition comprising A) at least one member      selected from the group consisting of polycarbonate and polyestercarbonate      and B) a phosphorus compound is disclosed. The composition wherein A) is a      mixture of (A.1) 99.9 to 40 wt. % of branched member, and (A.2) 0.1 to 60      wt. % of linear member, is characterized by high melt stability and      improved mechanical properties, particularly improved stress crack      resistance under the effect of chemicals and a higher notched impact      resistance. The composition is especially suitable for producing profiles,      films or sheets of any type in an extrusion process. 
The present invention provides methods for producing an ethylene-vinyl      acetate copolymer and a saponified product thereof that can inhibit      visible imperfections (particularly discoloration) at the time of molding      by improving the process for recovering vinyl acetate. When the      alcohol-based solvent to be blown in when recovering vinyl acetate is      deoxidized so that its oxygen concentration becomes not more than 60 ppm,      discoloration of a molded product of the above saponified product due to      oxygen can be inhibited. 
The present invention relates to a water dispersible polyisocyanate      composition comprising     (a) an aliphatic polyisocyanate or a mixture of aliphatic polyisocyanates      or a mixture of aliphatic polyisocyanates with other polyisocyanates; and     (b) a reaction product of component (a) with a component selected from the      group consisting of:     (ii) a polyether diol or triol or a mixture thereof wherein a weight ratio      of ethylene oxide (EO) to propylene oxide (PO) of the polyether diol and      triol is greater than about 60:40, and the polyether diol has a molecular      weight of about 300 to 1600 g/mole, and the polyether triol has a      molecular weight of about 450 to 2400 g/mole; and     (ii) a mixture of polyether monol and polyether polyol, wherein the      polyether polyol is selected from the group consisting of polyether diol,      triol and a mixture thereof wherein a weight ratio of EO to PO of the      polyether monol, diol and triol is greater than about 60:40, and the      polyether diol and triol have the molecular weights as defined above. 
The invention relates to a process for the preparation of esters of      (meth)acrylic acid by (trans)esterifying (meth)acrylic acid or its ester      derivatives with monohydric or polyhydric alcohols in the presence of an      acidic (trans)esterification catalyst, wherein said process after the      formation of the esters of (meth)acrylic acid further comprises reacting      remaining acid groups with one or more component(s), wherein at least one      component forms with at least said catalyst an ester compound not having a      .beta.-hydroxy group or forms an amid compound. The component that reacts      with the acidic (trans)esterification catalyst preferably is selected from      the group consisting of an oxetane component or derivative, an ortho-ester      component, an alcohol component or any mixture thereof. 
A polymer produced by polymerizing via water-in-oil emulsion polymerization      one or more water soluble monomers with one or more polyalkoxylated      monomers wherein said one or more polyalkoxylated monomers contains at      least 25 alkylene oxide units and wherein said product demonstrates      thermothickening properties, its method of manufacture and use thereof is      disclosed. 
A golf ball 1 has a core 2, a cover 3, a mark layer 4, and a finishing coat      layer 5. An ink used for the mark layer 4 includes an isocyanate curing      agent that contains a diisocyanate trimer, a base material, and a      colorant. Preferred curing agent contains an isophorone diisocyanate      trimer. The ink includes a diisocyanate curing agent at equal to or      greater than 1% by weight and equal to or less than 20% by weight,      calculated on the basis of the solid content. The base material includes a      polymer having a hydroxyl group as a principal component. The NCO/OH      value, which is a ratio of isocyanate groups of the isocyanate curing      agent and hydroxyl groups of the base material, is equal to or greater      than 0.5 and equal to or less than 2.0. The mark layer 4 may be printed on      a base coat layer, alternatively, may be printed on a crosslinked rubber.      This ink has excellent adhesiveness to a base. 
A cold shrink article including a fluoroelastomer composition comprising a      first fluoroterpolymer having a weight average molecular weight centered      from about 10.sup.7 to about 10.sup.8. A second fluoroterpolymer included      in the fluoroelastomer composition has a weight average molecular weight      centered at 10.sup.4. The first fluoroterpolymer combines with the second      fluoroterpolymer to provide a mixed terpolymer. Other components of the      fluoroelastomer composition include a processing aid, a filler, an oil,      and a curative. The fluoroelastomer composition upon curing at an elevated      temperature provides the cold shrink article that has a permanent set      value of 21% or less. 
A traffic signal control system employing universal coordinated time of GPS      as time base. The control system includes a core system for receiving      Universal Coordinated Time (UTC) data of GPS and incorporating longitude      and latitude data so as to convert the data to local time. This time is      used as common time base for all traffic signal system. The control system      further comprises a basic input/output system and a selective secondary      system. The present system is a high stability disperse type traffic      signal control system. 
This invention relates to a pneumatic rubber tire having a circumferential      rubber tread of a lug and groove configuration which extends to a      substantial portion an adjacent rubber sidewall and is designed to be      ground-contacting. Said lug and groove configured portion of said sidewall      is of a rubber composition comprised of a blend of cis 1,4-polyisoprene      natural rubber and cis 1,4-polybutadiene rubber which contains      reinforcement as carbon black, starch/plasticizer composite and aggregates      of participated silica together with a coupling agent. Said      circumferential rubber tread is of a rubber composition comprised of at      least one diene-based rubber together with carbon black reinforcement and      is exclusive of starch and precipitated silica. 
A resin composition for automotive exterior applications, which comprises      50 to 70% by weight of crystalline propylene-ethylene block copolymer, 18      to 25% by weight of elastomeric polymer and 15 to 25% by weight of      inorganic filler. The elastomeric polymer is a mixture of a copolymer      rubber produced from ethylene and an .alpha.-olefin having 6 or more      carbon atoms, an ethylene-.alpha.-olefin-nonconjugated polyene random      copolymer, and a hydrogenated styrene-conjugated diene block copolymer.      This resin composition exhibits excellent processibility, and possesses      good balance of physical properties including flexural modulus, impact      resistance, hardness and brittleness temperature. The moldings fabricated      from it gives good appearance free of any remarkable flow mark or weld      mark on the surface. 
A phenolic resin composite material includes a phenolic resin, a filler      dispersed in the phenolic resin and being a reinforcement member and an      organized layered clay mineral being different from the filler and      dispersed uniformly in the phenolic resin. The phenolic resin composite      material is improved in terms of the heat resistance as well as the      mechanical strengths. 
A polyolefin-based nanocomposite and a method of preparing the same are      disclosed. The polyolefin-based nanocomposite is prepared by melt kneading      a mixture including (A) 40-99.8% by weight of a matrix polymer of      polyolefin; (B) 0.1-30% by weight of a polyolefin compatilizer containing      polar reactive groups; and (C) 0.1-30% by weight of a layered clay      material having a quaternary ammonium ion bonded to the surface thereof.      The quaternary ammonium ion contains (I) at least one alkyl group having      at least 15 carbon atoms; and (ii) a substitutent having      --Si--O--Si--linkage and at least one terminal reactive group. 
Processes for utilizing various emulsion polymerization procedures for      preparing aqueous nanocomposite dispersions are disclosed. The disclosed      processes include both in-situ polymerizations in the presence of at least      partially exfoliated unmodified clays as well as admixtures of polymer      dispersions with at least partially exfoliated unmodified clay      dispersions. The disclosed nanocomposite dispersions are useful for      preparing a variety of materials, such as coatings, adhesives, caulks,      sealants, plastics additives, and thermoplastic resins. Processes for      preparing polymer clay nanocomposite powders and use of these powders as      plastic resin and plastics additives are also disclosed. 
According to the present invention, provided is a cationically      electrodepositable coating material comprising a resin for a cationically      electrodepositable coating material, a hydrotalcite-like solid solution      having a specific composition and, if necessary, a basic bismuth compound      and/or an organic acid salt thereof. Such cationically electrodepositable      coating material forms a coating film which is excellent in performances      such as an edge corrosion-preventive property, a throwing power, a      chemical resistance and a smoothness without adding harmful substances      such as lead compounds and chromium compound. 
A coating fluid for forming a coating on a support for use in inkjet      printing comprises a liquid medium having dispersed therein (a) an      inorganic oxide selected from aluminium oxide and silica, (b) a binder      polymer, and (c) a polymeric crosslinking agent containing functional      groups for reaction with the inorganic oxide. The components (a), (b) and      (c) are preferably dispersed in an aqueous liquid and the relative amounts      of inorganic oxide to polymeric crosslinking agent are from 500:1 to 15:1      preferably 250:1 to 20:1, the relative amounts of inorganic oxide to      binder polymer are from 50:1 to 2:1 preferably 20:1 to 4:1 and the      relative amounts of binder polymer to polymeric crosslinking agent are      from 40:1 to 2:1 preferably from 20:1 to 3:1 the amounts being by weight      on a dry basis. 
The invention provides polymeric matrices and films comprising fixation      reagents that are capable of reacting with solubilized metals to form less      soluble metal compounds. The fixation reagenst may include inorganic      sulfides and phosphates, as well as adsorbents. The polymeric matrices may      be comprised of polyvinyl alcohols and polyvinyl acetates. In some      embodiments, the polymeric matrix is selected to be at least as soluble as      the selected fixation reagent, particularly under the conditions in which      the matrix is expected to come into contact with the solublized metal. 
A resin composition useful for wire and cable covering material is formed      by compounding a phosphate ester retardant, boron phosphate, and zinc      borate hydrate with a polyphenylene ether group resin or a combination of      a polyphenylene ether group resin and an aromatic vinyl group resin, in a      specific ratio. 
Provided is a flame-retardant polycarbonate resin composition comprising      (A) 100 parts by weight of a polycarbonate resin, (B) from 0.2 to 10 parts      by weight of a core/shell type, grafted rubbery elastomer, (C) from 0.02      to 5 parts by weight of an organic alkali metal salt and/or an organic      alkaline earth metal salt, and (D) from 0.02 to 3 parts by weight of a      polyfluoro-olefin resin. Not containing a halogen compound for flame      retardation, it has good flame retardancy, and its moldability, impact      resistance, thermal stability, wet heat resistance and recyclability are      all good. 
An attachment for a traffic signal having a housing for fitting over one of      the normal lights, herein the green light, of the signal and overriding      the normal sequence in response to preemptive emergency signals, and a      electro-optically responsive data display panel on the housing to provide      clear and direct instructional messages to motorists as to the appropriate      actions to be taken. A first embodiment overrides the normal green light      with a reflective electro-optically responsive panel overlying the normal      green light to become opaque in response to the emergency signals, with a      red light source outside the panel that is activated to produce red      reflected light. A second embodiment replaces the normal green (or      alternatively yellow or red) signal with a panel of light-emitting      elements (LEDs) that have one group capable of providing the normal green      signals and a second group that are capable of providing graphic      instructions in response to emergency signals. In both embodiments, the      display panels provide alternate selections such as STOP or a halt      symbol as one selection and an arrow or chevron pattern, with RIGHT or      an abbreviation as a second selection. 
A mixture having good thermal stability, flow and moldability and suitable      as a golf ball-forming material is obtained when a resinous component      including a base resin of an ionomer resin or resins and optionally a      non-ionomer thermoplastic elastomer is blended with specific proportions      of a fatty acid and/or fatty acid derivative and a basic inorganic metal      compound capable of neutralizing acidic groups left unneutralized in the      base resin and fatty acid. Using the same material, high-rebound golf      balls can be effectively manufactured. 
An adhesive composition and tapes utilizing the adhesive compositions are      disclosed. A tape utilizing the adhesive composition of the present      invention particularly suitable for use in closure systems associated with      air ducts and air connectors is disclosed. A composition particularly      suitable for use as an antioxidant in adhesive compositions is disclosed. 
A method of producing a printed substrate so as to improve the adhesion,      colorfastness and washfastness of either reactive or acid dye-based ink      jet inks printed onto the substrate, the method includes the steps of      providing a substrate, treating the substrate with an aqueous coating      formulation comprising a cationic polymer or copolymer, a fabric softener,      treating the substrate of step with an imbibing aqueous solution of either      urea, and an ingredient selected from sodium bicarbonate, sodium carbonate      or combinations thereof, or ammonium sulfate, drying the substrate,      printing on the substrate with either an acid or reactive dye-based ink,      depending on the coating and post treating the printed substrate. 
The present invention relates to a flame retardant thermoplastic resin      composition that comprises (A) about 40 to 95 parts by weight of a rubber      modified styrene-containing resin, (B) about 5 to 60 parts by weight of      polyphenylene ether resin, (C) about 2 to 30 parts by weight of a      styrene-containing copolymer resin having about 5 to 18 % by weight of      acrylonitrile in the copolymer per 100 parts by weight of the sum of (A)      and (B), (D) about 0.5 to 20 parts by weight of an oxaphospholane compound      per 100 parts by weight of the sum of (A) and (B), and (E) about 0 to 30      parts by weight of a phosphoric acid ester compound per 100 parts by      weight of the sum of (A) and (B). 
Method and device for reprocessing a thermoplastic polycondensate, in      particular for the recycling of thermoplastic polycondensates, such as      polyethylene terephthalate, polyester or polyamide is provided. The      polycondensate is introduced into an extruder in a solid state. The      polycondensate is then heated to a temperature below melting temperature      and degassed or dried at below atmospheric pressure or with an inert gas      added. Preferably, to prevent the polycondensate flakes from escaping      through a degassing opening, a conveying device is used to convey the      escaping flakes back into the extruder. The dried flakes are then melted. 
A Rubber Composition is provided that comprises a rubber and a composite      pigment composition, with the composite pigment including a dense      inorganic material and silica. The pigment composition is characterized by      a CTAB surface area of greater than about 20 m.sup.2 /g; a BET surface      area of greater than about 25 m.sup.2 /g; and a density of greater than      about 2.5 g/cm.sup.3. 
The present invention provides a light reflecting polymeric composition      that includes at least one halogenated-flame-retardant-additive-free      polymer having dispersed therein a pigment package including a combination      of Sb.sub.2 O.sub.3 and TiO.sub.2. The Sb.sub.2 O.sub.3 and TiO.sub.2      preferably have an average particle size within the range of from about      0.05 .mu.m to about 1.0 .mu.m, and more preferably about 0.2 .mu.m. When      used in combination, the Sb.sub.2 O.sub.3 and TiO.sub.2 pigments      synergistically interact together to provide a polymeric composition      exhibiting a reflectivity that is substantially higher than can be      obtained by the use of either of the pigments alone. 
Devices formed of or including biocompatible polyhydroxyalkanoates are      provided with controlled degradation rates, preferably less than one year      under physiological conditions. Preferred devices include sutures, suture      fasteners, meniscus repair devices, rivets, tacks, staples, screws      (including interference screws), bone plates and bone plating systems,      surgical mesh, repair patches, slings, cardiovascular patches, orthopedic      pins (including bone filling augmentation material), adhesion barriers,      stents, guided tissue repair/regeneration devices, articular cartilage      repair devices, nerve guides, tendon repair devices, atrial septal defect      repair devices, pericardial patches, bulking and filling agents, vein      valves, bone marrow scaffolds, meniscus regeneration devices, ligament and      tendon grafts, ocular cell implants, spinal fusion cages, skin      substitutes, dural substitutes, bone graft substitutes, bone dowels, wound      dressings, and hemostats. The polyhydroxyalkanoates can contain additives,      be formed of mixtures of monomers or include pendant groups or      modifications in their backbones, or can be chemically modified, all to      alter the degradation rates. The polyhydroxyalkanoate compositions also      provide favorable mechanical properties, biocompatibility, and degradation      times within desirable time frames under physiological conditions. 
Disclosed are paint scenting additive mixtures formulated to be introduced      into paint compositions as a stable dispersion therein to produce a      scented paint which provides a pleasant and long-lasting fragrance or      aroma in an ambient surrounding where the scented paint is applied as well      as processes for producing scented paints utilizing such additive mixtures      and the scented products produced therewith. 
A method and system for communications of fuel data, including fuel      depletion data, in regards of fuel storage tanks includes an electronic      communicator linked to a sensor associated with the storage tank for      communicating over a communications network the fuel data to innumerable      other parties connected on the communications network. 
Biomedical devices with stable, hydrophilic and antimicrobial coatings are      provided. The coatings are formed using a coupling agent to bond a      carboxyl containing hydrophilic coating to the surface by ester or amide      linkages. 
The present invention relates to a novel fully vulcanized powdery silicone      rubber, preparation and use thereof. The fully vulcanized powdery silicone      rubber is prepared from an latex of organosilicon polymer or copolymer      with lower molecular weight via irradiation of high-energy rays. The gel      content of the obtained fully vulcanized powdery silicone rubber is at      least 60% by weight. The fully vulcanized powdery silicone rubber can be      combined with various plastics and is very easy to be dispersed into      plastic matrix, and can be used as toughening agent, processing aids or as      additives for cosmetics, ink, paint and coatings. 
The invention provides a method for converting a less active or slower to      initiate system to a higher activity system so that at the end of a      polymerization the most active species is present in the system. The      invention generally relates to a process for converting a less active or      slower to initiate catalyst system to a higher activity catalyst system      wherein the process comprises contacting a protected N-heterocyclic      carbene with a metathesis catalyst and an olefin in the presence of      energy. One of the benefits of the invention is that the amount of      catalyst required is less than or lowered in the presence of the protected      N-heterocyclic carbene as compared to the amount of catalyst required in      the absence of the protected N-heterocyclic carbene. The protected      N-heterocyclic carbene can be unsaturated or saturated. In addition, the      invention describes novel ruthenium initiators and methods of making the      same. 
A method for producing expanded polypropylene resin particles wherein      polypropylene resin particles impregnated with a physical blowing agent      are heated along with an aqueous medium and a dispersant and are released      and expanded at reduced pressure from the interior of a pressure-tight      vessel, wherein the aforementioned aqueous medium has an electrical      conductivity of from not less than 0.00 ms/m to not more than 20.00 mS/m.      The resulting particles obtained are without inconsistencies caused by      differences in the amount of dispersant adhering to the particles or the      amount of dispersant added to prevent the particles from fusing together      during the heat treatment step of the method. 
Solvent extraction is used to remove wax and contaminants from an      iron-based Fischer-Tropsch catalyst in a natural circulation      continuous-flow system. The wax-free catalyst is then subjected to      controlled oxidation to convert the iron to its initial oxidized state,      Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3. Reactivation of the oxide catalyst precursor is carried      out by addition of synthesis gas. 
Disclosed are nanocomposites made of guest metal nanoparticles and metal      oxide sols made by mixing at least one metal alkoxide, at least one      organosilane, at least one boron oxide compound, and a liquid. Also      disclosed are dielectric composites containing a dielectric material such      as a polymer and the nanocomposites. 
An emulsifier composition for treating marine cuttings, preferably in situ,      to convert free hydrocarbons to isolated hydrocarbons; drill cuttings      treated with the emulsifier composition; droplets of the emulsified free      hydrocarbons; drill cuttings further treated with encapsulating material;      and, isolated hydrocarbons comprising encapsulated droplets of free      hydrocarbons and emulsifier. 
The present invention relates to pharmaceutical compositions and      formulations comprising a novel class of androgen receptor targeting      agents (ARTA) which demonstrate androgenic and anabolic activity of a      nonsteroidal ligand for the androgen receptor. The agents define a new      subclass of compounds which are selective androgen receptor modulators      (SARM) which are useful for a) male contraception; b) treatment of a      variety of hormone-related conditions, for example conditions associated      with Androgen Decline in Aging Male (ADAM), such as fatigue, depression,      decreased libido, sexual dysfunction, erectile dysfunction, hypogonadism,      osteoporosis, hair loss, anemia, obesity, sarcopenia,      osteopenia,osteoporosis, benign prostate hyperplasia, alterations in mood      and cognition and prostate cancer; c) treatment of conditions associated      with Androgen Decline in Female (ADIF), such as sexual dysfunction,      decreased sexual libido, hypogonadism, sarcopenia, osteopenia,      osteoporosis, alterations in cognition and mood, depression, anemia, hair      loss, obesity, endometriosis, breast cancer, uterine cancer and ovarian      cancer; d) treatment and/or prevention of chronic muscular wasting; and/or      e) decreasing the incidence of, halting or causing a regression of      prostate cancer. The present invention provides pharmaceutical      compositions comprising the selective androgen receptor modulator      compounds, together with pharmaceutically acceptable excipients. 
Compounds having a metalloproteinase inhibitory activity, represented by      the formula (I), its optically active isomers, their pharmaceutically      acceptable salts, or hydrates thereof.        STR1   
The present invention provides a fungicidal composition characterized by      containing as active ingredients (a) a compound represented by the formula I:        STR1   (wherein Ar is a substituted or unsubstituted phenyl group, Y is an oxygen      atom, an oxymethylene group or a methyleneoxy group, X is NR.sub.1 R.sub.2      or OR.sub.3, and R.sub.1, R.sub.2 and R.sub.3, which may be the same or      different, are hydrogen atoms or alkyl groups having 1 to 4 carbon atoms),      and (b) at least one compound selected from the group consisting of      ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate) type fungicidal compounds,      N-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)imide type fungicidal compounds, Chlorothalonil,      phthalimide type fungicidal compounds, anilide type fungicidal compounds,      Cymoxanil, Fosetyl, cyanopyrrole type fungicidal compounds, anilino type      heterocyclic fungicidal compounds, benzimidazole type fungicidal compounds      and their precursors, sulfur, copper compounds, and carbamate type      fungicidal compounds for controlling fungi tolerant to benzimidazole type      fungicides. 
An apparatus for use in drilling or producing from a well bore, the      apparatus comprising a downhole member such as a drilling device or a      production device which is capable of being attached to a tubular such as      a drill string, production string or the like, means for rotating a      tubular, control means for controlling the rotation of said tubular in      order to transmit information along said tubular and means for monitoring      the rotation of said tubular and for decoding said information transmitted      along said tubular such that a magnitude of a parameter can be determined      by the drilling member from the rotation or said tubular. The invention      also relates to a method for communicating with a downhole tool using the      apparatus. 
The invention relates to 5,15-diacetyl-3-benzoyllathyrol compound and a      skin whitening composition containing the same. Since the composition of      the invention contains 5,15-diacetyl-3-benzoyllathyrol as a melanine      production inhibitor, it is excellent in inhibiting pigment stagnation and      improving the discoloration of the skin or freckles. In addition, since it      does not induce a secondary effect, it has excellent stability. 
A composition and method of treating plurality of conditions utilizes a      combination of sucralfate and a topical anesthetic such as lidocaine. The      composition finds utility in treating the symptoms of burns or mange and      to relieve the associated irritations and discomfort. 
Inhibitors of serine proteases are provided having formula (I)        STR1   wherein X, R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3, R.sub.4 and R.sub.5 are as defined      herein. In particular, the compounds bind to factor VIIa, tissue      factor/factor Xa complex, thrombin, trypsin, plasmin and kallikrein and      have anticoagulant activity. Pharmaceutical compositions comprising the      compounds are useful for inhibiting the formation of veinous and/or      arterial thrombi in vivo. 
There is provided compounds of formula I,        STR1   wherein R.sup.1, R.sup.2, R.sup.3, R.sup.x, Y, n and B have meanings given      in the description which are useful as competitive inhibitors of      trypsin-like proteases, such as thrombin, and in particular in the      treatment of conditions where inhibition of thrombin is required (e.g.      thrombosis) or as anticoagulants. 
Described herein are compounds related to lactacystin and lactacystin      .beta.-lactone, pharmaceutical compositions containing the compounds, and      methods of use. 
Compounds of formula I wherein: one of X or Y represents N and the other      represents C; R.sub.1 represents hydrogen, methyl, halogen, cyano, nitro,      --CHO, --COCH.sub.3 or --COOR.sub.4 ; PR.sub.2 represents      optionally-substituted aryl or heteroaryl; R.sub.3 represents C.sub.1-8      alkyl, C.sub.1-8 haloalkyl or --NR.sub.4 R.sub.6 ; R.sub.4 represents      hydrogen, C.sub.1-8 alkyl or arylC.sub.0-8 alkyl; R.sub.6 represents      hydrogen, C.sub.1-8 alkyl, arylC.sub.1-8 alkyl, --COR.sub.8 or      --COOR.sub.8 ; R.sub.8 represents C.sub.1-8 alkyl or C.sub.1-8 haloalkyl;      aryl in the above definitions represents phenyl or naphthyl; and      heteroaryl in the above definitions represents pyridine, pyrazine,      pyrimidine or pyridazine, which can be optionally fused to a benzene ring.      These compounds are useful as cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors.        STR1   
The present invention discloses novel imidazolidinones which have HCV      protease inhibitory activity as well as methods for preparing such      compounds. In another embodiment, the invention discloses pharmaceutical      compositions comprising such imidazolidinones as well as methods of using      them to treat disorders associated with the HCV protease. 
The present invention relates to prodrugs of a class of sulfonamides which      are aspartyl protease inhibitors. In one embodiment, this invention      relates to a novel class of prodrugs of HIV aspartyl protease inhibitors      characterized by favorable aqueous solubility, high oral bioavailability      and facile in vivo generation of the active ingredient. This invention      also relates to pharmaceutical compositions comprising these prodrugs. The      prodrugs and pharmaceutical compositions of this invention are      particularly well suited for decreasing the pill burden and increasing      patient compliance. This invention also relates to methods of treating      mammals with these prodrugs and pharmaceutical compositions. 
A method of preventing damage to the seed and/or shoots and foliage of a      plant by a pest includes treating the seed from which the plant grows with      a composition that includes a combination of clothianidin and at least one      pyrethrin or synthetic pyrethroid. The treatment is applied to the unsown      seed. In another embodiment, the seed is a transgenic seed having at least      one heterologous gene encoding for the expression of a protein having      pesticidal activity against a first pest and the composition has activity      against at least one second pest. Treated seeds are also provided. 
The current invention provide novel compounds, methods of treating or      preventing emphysema, cancer and dermatological disorders, pharmaceutical      compositions suitable for the treatment or prevention of emphysema, cancer      and dermatological disorders and methods for delivering formulations into      the lung of a mammal suffering from emphysema, cancer and dermatological      disorders. 
A garage door power module is provided with the capability of operating      over a number of different operating frequencies by configuring a power      module chassis with a receptacle for receiving radio receivers where each      of the receivers is adapted to receive one of radio signals. The      receptacle located near one edge of the chassis and is configured with a      planer surface and support members that permit the receivers to be      slidably inserted and removed from the receptacle. In addition the radio      receiver is equipped with a plug connector and the receptacle is equipped      with a socket for receiving the plug connector in order to transmit radio      control signals from the receiver to logic control circuits in the power      module. 
A method of inhibiting the release of a proinflammatory cytokine in a cell      is disclosed. The method comprises treating the cell with a cholinergic      agonist. The method is useful in patients at risk for, or suffering from,      a condition mediated by an inflammatory cytokine cascade, for example      endotoxic shock. The cholinergic agonist treatment can be effected by      stimulation of an efferent vagus nerve fiber, or the entire vagus nerve. 
A compound having the formula (I) or its salt, hydrate, hydrate salt or      solvate:        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 to R.sup.4 independently represent H, halogen, OH, alkoxy,      optionally substituted alkyl, aryl, or aralkyl group, R.sup.5 represents      H, optionally substituted alkyl, aryl, or aralkyl group, E.sup.1      represents O, S, or --NR.sup.6, where R.sup.6 represents H, an optionally      substituted alkyl, aryl, or aralkyl group, E.sup.2 represents O, S, or      --NR.sup.7, where R.sup.7 represents H, an optionally substituted alkyl,      aryl, or aralkyl group, A represents CH, C(OH), or N, X represents H,      halogen, alkoxy, or an optionally substituted alkyl group, and Q      represents an optionally substituted phenyl group, phenoxy, phenylmethyl,      or cycloalkyloxy group, where when E.sup.1 represents O or S, E.sup.2 does      not represent O or S, which has an action of suppressing the cytotoxic      Ca.sup.2+ overload and lipid peroxidation and effective for pharmaceutical      preparation for the alleviation and treatment of symptoms due to ischemic      diseases, etc. 
Pharmaceutical compositions that exhibit reduced gastrointestinal      side-effects comprising a known active substance having antitumor effects      selected from the group consisting of pyrimidine derivatives, or a      pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salt thereof, and      O-(3-piperidino-2-hydroxy-1-propyl)nicotinic acid amidoxime, or a      pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salt thereof, are disclosed. 
  STR1   Compounds of general formula I[Chemical formula should be inserted here.      Please see paper copy] R.sub.1 is selected from any one of phenyl,      pyridinyl, pyrrolyl, thienyl, furanyl, imidazolyl, triazolyl, and pyridine      N-oxide; where each R.sub.1 phenyl ring and R.sub.1 heteroaromatic ring      may optionally and independently be further substituted by 1,2 or 3      substituents selected from straight and branched C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 alkyl,      NO.sub.2, CF.sub.3, C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 alkoxy, chloro, fluoro, bromo, and      iodo. The substitutions on the phenyl ring and on the heteroaromatic ring      may take place in any position on said ring systems; are disclosed and      claimed in the present application, as well as their pharmaceutically      acceptable salts and pharmaceutical compositions comprising the novel      compounds and their use in therapy, in particular in the management of      pain, anxiety and functional gastrointestinal disorders. 
This invention relates to a method of treatment and dosing regimen for      treating mammalian tumors by the discontinuous administration of a      farnesyl transferase inhibitor over an abbreviated one to five day dosing      schedule. 
This invention relates to compounds of the Formula (I):        STR1   or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, solvate or isomer thereof, which can      be useful for the treatment of diseases or conditions mediated by MMPs,      TNF-.alpha. or combinations thereof. 
This invention relates to novel compounds represented by the general      formula [I]:        STR1   (wherein, R.sup.1 and R.sup.4 are the same or different, and represent      hydrogen atoms, lower alkyl groups or the like; R.sup.2 and R.sup.3 are      the same or different, and represent lower alkoxy groups or lower alkyl      groups; R.sup.5 represents a lower alkyl group or aralkyl group optionally      having substituent(s); R.sup.6 represents a hydrogen atom or a lower alkyl      group; X represents O, S or NH; m represents an integer of 0 to 3; n      represents an integer of 0 or 1; and Ar represents a phenyl group or      heteroaryl group optionally having substituent(s)). The compounds of the invention have an antagonistic action on orexin      receptors, and are useful for treatment of appetite abnormality, obesity,      sleeping disorder or the like. 
Pyrimidine derivatives of formula (I) wherein Q.sub.1, Q.sub.2, G and      R.sup.1 are as defined within; and pharmaceutically acceptable salts and      in vivo hydrolysable esters thereof are described. Processes for their      manufacture, pharmaceutical compositions and their use as cyclin-dependent      serine/threonine kinase (CDK) and focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibitors      are also described.        STR1   
Pyrimidine compounds of formula (1):        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 is C.sub.3 -C.sub.7 alkynyl optionally substituted with      halogen; R.sup.2 and R.sup.3 are independently hydrogen or the like; and      R.sup.4 is C.sub.3 -C.sub.7 alkynyloxy optionally substituted with      halogen, optionally substituted phenyl, or the like have an excellent      pesticidal effect. 
The present invention relates to novel heterocyclic compounds of formula      (I)        STR1   where A, R1, R2, Y, Z, and n are defined in the disclosure, to processes      for their preparation, and to their use as crop protection agents, in      particular for controlling animal pests. 
A weight-sensitive mat or other sensor determines whether a child seat in a      vehicle is occupied, a transmitter is proximate to the sensor, and a      keychain fob or other portable unit includes a receiver and an alarm.      Generally, if the child seat is occupied and the keychain fob is removed      from proximity to the transmitter, the transmitter communicates this to      the keychain fob receiver and the alarm is activated. Exemplary      embodiments include an add-on kit including a base unit with a transceiver      for use with existing car seats having a base and a detachable shell, an      add-on kit without the base unit for use with existing unitary car seats,      and a car seat with the child sensor, transmitter, and/or base unit built      into it. 
Compounds of the formula I        STR1   in which R.sup.1, R.sup.2, R.sup.4 and R.sup.5 have the meanings indicated      in claim 1, are potent 5-HT.sub.2A antagonists and are suitable for the      treatment of psychoses, schizophrenia, depression, neurological disorders,      memory disorders, Parkingson s disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis,      Alzheimer s disease, Huntington s disease, eating disorders such as      bulimia, nervous anorexia, premenstrual syndrome and/or for positively      affecting compulsive behavior (obsessive-compulsive disorder, OCD). 
The present invention relates to phenylamidines of general formula        STR1   wherein     R.sub.6 and R.sub.7 are defined as in claim 1, the tautomers, the      stereoisomers including mixtures thereof and the salts thereof,      particularly their physiologically acceptable salts with inorganic or      organic acids or bases, which have valuable pharmacological properties,      preferably antithrombotic effects, pharmaceutical compositions containing      these compounds, their use and processes for preparing them. 
The present invention relates to 7-alkyl- and cycloalkyl-substituted      imidazotriazinones, to processes for their preparation and to their use as      medicaments, in particular as inhibitors of cGMP-metabolizing      phosphodiesterases. 
The present invention relates to 5-(alkylidene-cycloalkyl)-pyrazoles and      5-(alkylidene-heterocyclyl)-pyrazoles of the formula I:        STR1   wherein the ring of the formula (R.sup.5)-A-(SO.sub.m R.sup.4), m, B, ring      G, R.sup.1 through R.sup.7 are as defined in the specification, to      pharmaceutical compositions containing them and to their medicinal use.      The compounds of the invention are useful in the treatment or alleviation      of inflammation and other inflammation associated disorders, such as      arthritis, colon cancer, and Alzheimer s disease in mammals, preferably      humans, dogs, cats and livestock animals. 
The present invention provides a pharmaceutical composition which is useful      as a phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K) inhibitor and an antitumor      agent, and it provides a novel bicyclic or tricyclic fused heteroaryl      derivative or a salt thereof which possesses an excellent PI3K inhibiting      activity and cancer cell growth inhibiting activity. 
Compounds of the general structural formula and use of the compounds and      salts and solvates thereof, as therapeutic agents. 
Disclosed are compounds which inhibit .beta.-amyloid peptide release and/or      its synthesis, and, accordingly, have utility in treating Alzheimer s      disease. Also disclosed are pharmaceutical compositions comprising a      compound which inhibits .beta.-amyloid peptide release and/or its      synthesis as well as methods for treating Alzheimer s disease both      prophylactically and therapeutically with such pharmaceutical      compositions. 
Selected novel carboxylic acid substituted heterocycle compounds are      effective for prophylaxis and treatment of inflammation, tissue      degradation, cancer, fibrosis and related diseases. The invention      encompasses novel compounds, analogs, prodrugs and pharmaceutically      acceptable salts thereof, pharmaceutical compositions and methods for      prophylaxis and treatment of inflamation, tissue degradation and related      diseases. The subject invention also relates to processes for making such      compounds as well as to intermediates useful in such processes. 
The invention concerns vitronectin receptor antagonist compounds of formula      (3): R.sub.1 --Y--A--B--D--E--F--G wherein R.sub.1, Y, A, B, D, E, F, and      G are as defined in the description, their physiologically acceptable      salts and their prodrugs, methods for preparing compounds of formula (I),      their use, in particular as medicine and pharmaceutical compositions      containing them. 
Novel synthetic forms of etherified oxidized phospholipids and methods of      utilizing same for preventing and treating atherosclerosis and other      related disorders, as well as inflammatory disorders, immune mediated      diseases, autoimmune diseases and proliferative disorders, are provided.      In addition, methods of synthesizing etherified and esterified oxidized      phospholipids and of using same for preventing and treating      atherosclerosis and other related disorders are also provided. 
The disclosed invention is a patient monitoring system that employs a      pressure sensitive pad. The pad is placed beneath a patient who is lying      in bed or sitting in a chair. When weight is removed from the pad, an      alarm is given. The pad comprises an upper layer of circuitry and a lower      layer of circuitry. When the respective layers of circuitry are in      contact, the alarm remains off, but when the layers of circuitry become      separated, the alarm is given. This invention is generally for use in      hospitals and nursing homes to alert caregivers when a patient falls out      of a bed or a wheelchair; or if a patient otherwise leaves a bed or chair      against the wishes of the caregiver. This situation is of special concern      with elderly patients, post operational patients, and/or at night when      nursing staffs are reduced. 
Methods and compositions for preventing and/or treating degenerative joint      diseases including osteoarthritis as well as inflammation of the joints      and for diminishing associated pain are provided. The formulation includes      glucosamine, conjugated linoleic acid and ascorbic acid. Methods of      treatment are also provided. The compositions and methods can be provided      as an over-the-counter drug, a nutritional supplement, a prescription      medication or component thereof, or a functional or medical food or      component thereof. 
A drug complex characterized in that a residue of a drug compound such as      antineoplastic agents and a carboxy(C.sub.1-4)alkyldextran polyalcohol      obtained by treating a dextran under conditions that enable substantially      complete polyalcoholization are bound to each other by means of a spacer      comprising an amino acid or a spacer comprising peptide-bonded 2 to 8      amino acids. Said complex is characterized in that it has excellent      selectivity to tumorous sites so as to exhibit high antineoplastic      activity and also achieves reduced appearance of toxicity. 
The present invention is directed to ophthalmic compositions containing a      gelling amount of a combination of galactomannan polysaccharides and      borates. The compositions gel or partially gel upon administration to the      eye. The present invention also discloses methods of topical ophthalmic      administration of the compositions to the eye. 
A solution for storing corneal tissue, especially at a temperature of 2 to      8.degree. C., which comprises hyaluronic acid having an average molecular      weight of less than 6,000,000 Da (preferably of from 50,000 to 250,000      Da). 
Disclosed are compositions that include triboelectrically chargeable      nucleotide particles of less than 50 .mu.m diameter and carrier particles.      In one example, a substrate is selectively patterned with the      compositions, e.g., by transfer from a selectively charged surface. The      compositions can be used to synthesize nucleic acid arrays. 
This invention relates particularly to gene directed enzyme prodrug therapy      (GDEPT) using post translational glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI      addition to a prodrug activating enzyme to enable anchorage of the enzyme      at the cell surface, particularly for use in cancer therapy. A preferred      prodrug activating enzyme is carboxypeptidase G2. 
To provide a tumor antigen peptide derived from SART-1 and a derivative      thereof, possessing functionally equivalent characteristics thereto; or a      therapeutic agent, prophylactic agent or the like for a tumor, each      utilizing, the tumor antigen peptide. 
Compositions and methods are disclosed for the therapeutic use of an      atonal-associated nucleic acid or amino acid sequence. Also, an animal      heterozygous for an atonal-associated gene inactivation is also disclosed      having at least one atonal-associated nucleic acid sequence replaced by      insertion of a heterologous nucleic acid sequence used to detect      expression driven by an atonal-associated promoter sequence, wherein the      inactivation of the atonal-associated nucleic acid sequence prevents      expression of the atonal-associated gene. 
Anthraquinones are described which are antihelminthic and in particular,      are useful in compositions for inhibiting Schistosoma sp. in vitro or in      vivo. The preferred anthraquinones have the formula:        STR1   wherein R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3, and R.sub.4 are each hydrogen, hydroxy,      halogen, alkyl, substituted alkyl, alkene, substituted alkene, alkyne,      aryl, substituted aryl, cyclic, substituted cyclic, acid group,      carbohydrate, or combination thereof, R is a group containing 1 to 12      carbons such as methyl, alkyl, substituted alkyl, aldehyde, hydroxy,      hydroxymethyl, acid group, carbohydrate, or combination thereof, and the      halogen is I, F, Br, or Cl. 
Combination therapy comprising RXR modulators and glucose reabsorption      inhibitors useful for the treatment of diabetes and Syndrome X are      disclosed. 

An electric power meter (102) includes a temperature sensor (114) and a      controller (112). The controller (112) is operable, based on the      temperature reported from the temperature sensor (114), to generate      alarm(s) when the temperature exceeds certain alarm threshold(s) (307,      507, 508) and to activate a power disconnect switch (104), thereby      shutting off power to a customer premises, when the temperature exceeds a      shut off threshold (309, 509). The controller (112) is operable to      activate the power disconnect switch (104) for non-payment of electricity      cost, subject to secondary criteria based on regulatory requirements. A      customer terminal (103) may be used to notify a customer of an alarm      condition, to provide information regarding electrical power usage or to      provide information regarding disconnection of electrical power. 
The present invention provides a method of treating meconium aspiration      syndrome, said method comprising administering to a subject in need of      treatment a therapeutically effective amount of albumin. A further aspect      of the invention relates to the use of albumin in the preparation of a      medicament for treatment of meconium aspiration syndrome, and a      pharmaceutical composition comprising albumin admixed with a      pharmaceutically acceptable carrier, diluent or excipient. 
Kolla2 powder compositions, method of preparing the compositions and use of      the compositions in treating arthritic joint cartilage diseases. The      compositions are orally administered to human in need of cartilage cell      repair in a daily dietary supplement dosage of between about 2,400 mg and      3,600 mg. 
The present invention relates to compounds of the formula I        STR1   which are inhibitors of the adhesion and migration of leucocytes and/or      antagonists of the adhesion receptor VLA-4 which belongs to the group of      integrins. The invention also relates to processes for the preparation of      formula I, pharmaceutical compositions containing compounds of formula I,      and the treatment or prophylaxis of various diseases caused by or are      associated with excess leucocyte adhesion and/or leucocyte migration, as      well as diseases associated with cell-cell or cell-matrix interactions,      which on interactions of VLA-4 receptors with their ligands play a part      of, for example, inflammatory processes, rheumatoid arthritis or allergic      disorders. 
The present invention is directed to polynucleotides, polypeptides and      peptide fragments thereof, and uses thereof for a novel cDNA sequence      which has homology to motilin. Tissue distribution of the mRNA for the      novel polypeptide is specific to the stomach, small intestine and      pancreas. The present invention further includes agonists, antagonists,      antibodies, host cells expressing the cDNA encoding the novel motilin      homologs and methods for increasing gastric motility using the novel      molecules. 
The present invention provides novel purified and isolated nucleic acid      sequences encoding procoagulant-active FVIII proteins. The nucleic acid      sequences of the present invention encode amino acid sequences      corresponding to known human FVIII sequences, wherein residue Phe3O9 is      mutated. The nucleic acid sequences of the present invention also encode      amino acid sequences corresponding to known human FVIII sequences, wherein      the APC cleavage sites, Arg336 and Ile562, are mutated. The nucleic acid      sequences of the present invention further encode amino acid sequences      corresponding to known human FVIII sequences, wherein the B-domain is      deleted, the von Willebrand factor binding site is deleted, a thrombin      cleavage site is mutated and an amino acid sequence spacer is inserted      between the A2- and A3-domains. Methods of producing the FVIII proteins of      the invention, nucleotide sequences encoding such proteins, pharmaceutical      compositions containing the nucleotide sequences or proteins, as well as      methods of treating patients suffering from hemophilia, are also provided. 
The present invention relates to compounds that inhibit the activity of the      proteasome or the productions of proteasomal proteins and promote bone      formation and are thus useful in treating osteoporosis, bone fracture or      deficiency, primary or secondary hyperparathyroidism, periodontal disease      or defect, metastatic bone disease, osteolytic bone disease, post-plastic      surgery, post-prosthetic joint surgey, and post-dental implantation, in      subject where this is desirable. 
The present invention relates to isolated and recombinant antimicrobial      peptides thrombocidin-1 (TC-1) and thrombocidin-2 (TC-2), or variants      thereof, which comprise at least in part the sequence as shown in FIG. 1      indicated by the label TC-1 and TC-2, and have antimicrobial activity      against gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, for example Escherichia      coli, Bacillus subtilis, Streptococcus sanguis, Streptococcus pneumoniae,      Staphylococcus epidermis, and Staphylococcus aureus, and/or against fungi,      for example Candida albicans, C. glabarata, Cryptococcus neoformans,      Aspergillus flavus, A. fumigatus, and Pseudoallescheria spec. The      invention further relates to the use of said peptides, or variants      thereof, for the preparation of a medicament for the treatment of      bacterial or fungal infections, such as endocarditis, in humans and      animals and the use of said peptides, or variants thereof, in release      systems for prevention of bacterial or fungal infections in humans and      animals. 
A sinus headache can be treated by administration of a botulinum toxin to a      patient. The botulinum toxin can be botulinum toxin type A and the      botulinum toxin can be administered to or to the vicinity of a sinus      membrane of a patient with a sinus headache. 
The present invention relates to IL-6 antagonist peptides, isolatable from      a peptide library through the two-hybrids system by their ability to bind      to the intracellular domain of gp130 and containing at least 5 amino      acids. In particular, such peptides comprise the amino acid sequence SEQ      ID NO: 6, as well as salts, functional derivatives, precursors and analogs      thereof. The present invention also provides the peptides in substantially      purified form, in order to be suitable for use in pharmaceutical      compositions as active ingredient in pathologies that require IL-6      activity inhibition. 
A method for inhibiting and for reversing the dysfunctional response of      vascular endothelial cells to an inflammatory stimulus in a subject in      need of such therapy has been developed in which an effective amount of a      pharmaceutical composition comprising thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis      inhibitor (TAFI) combined with a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier and      optionally other treatments is administered to the subject. 
Labels for affixation to works of art, art objects, and other valuable      items to uniquely identify the works for registration in a registration      system and database is described. Each identification tag includes a      secret identification code and a visually readable second identification      code. The secret identification code is encoded in a magnetic medium      readable only with a separate reader device. 
The invention relates to a nutritional intervention composition in powder      form that is taken before a meal and that extends post meal satiety. The      compositions of the invention are comprised of at least one protein,      C.sub.12-18 fatty acids, preferably oleic acid, all of which stimulate CCK      release in the body, and a source of proteinase inhibitor which acts to      prevent the deactivation of CCK. The subject compositions preferably      additionally contain a source of calcium and are advantageous in that they      utilize a source of proteinase inhibitor as opposed to the more costly      extracts. The source of proteinase inhibitor is advantageously an extract      of potato, soy, or beans containing about 10 weight percent of proteinase      inhibitor. The powder compositions are mixed with a suitable liquid,      preferably water, prior to ingestion. 
The present invention concerns the use of stable HIF-1.alpha. variants to      accelerate wound healing. More particularly, the present invention      provides a method of accelerating wound healing in a mammal comprising      administering a stable variant of an HIF-1.alpha. polypeptide comprising      an oxygen-dependent degradation domain. The stable HIF-1.alpha. variant      preferably comprises an insertion, deletion or substitution in the      oxygen-dependent degradation domain. 
Compositions are provided for treating atopic dermatitis, other atopic      diseases and other inflammatory or allergic skin disorders. The      compositions include proteins from Molluscum Contagiosum Virus (MCV), or      fragments, variants, analogs, and derivatives thereof which exhibit AD      inhibiting activity. Examples of MCV proteins which exhibit AD inhibiting      activity include MC148P1, MC148P2, MC148P3, other MC148P type proteins,      and fragments, variants, analogs, and derivatives of MC148P1, MC148P2,      MC148P3, and other MC148P type proteins which possess AD inhibiting      activity. The fragments, variants, analogs and derivatives may be less      than 100% homologous to MCV proteins so long as they are sufficiently      homologous such that AD inhibiting activity is preserved. 
Surfactant protein D (SP-D) is a 43-kDa member of the collectin family of      collagenous lectin domain-containing proteins that is expressed in      epithelial cells of the lung. The SP-D gene was targeted by homologous      recombination in embryonic stem cells that were used to produce SP-D (-/-)      mice. The SP-D (-/-) deficiency caused inflammation, increased oxidant      production by isolated alveolar macrophages, abnormal surfactant structure      and levels, and decreased SP-A expression. Therefore, disclosed is the      SP-D (-/-) mouse as an excellent model for emphysema. Also included are      models for testing emphysema therapies in the mouse model, methods for      using SP-D protein or DNA as a treatment for emphysema and pulmonary      infections, and diagnosis. 
A softener composition improves the feeling of clothes and can impart high      softening effect to clothes irrespective of the state of rinsing water and      comprises (a) a compound represented by the formula (1) or (2), (b) a      compound represented by the formula (3) or (4) and (c) a specific anionic      surfactant, wherein the mole ratio between the component (a), the      component (b) and the component (c) satisfies the following relationship:      [(a)+(b)]/(c)=9/1 to 4/6:        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 and R.sup.5 respectively represent a C.sub.13-36 alkyl      group or the like, R.sup.10, R.sup.12, R.sup.15 and R.sup.17 respectively      represent a C.sub.8-36 alkyl group or the like, R.sup.2, R.sup.6,      R.sup.11, R.sup.13, R.sup.16 and R.sup.18 respectively represent a      C.sub.1-6 alkylene group, R.sup.3, R.sup.4, R.sup.7, R.sup.8, R.sup.9,      R.sup.14, R.sup.19 and R.sup.20 respectively represent a C.sub.1-3 alkyl      group or the like, A, B, D, E, F and G respectively represent --COO--,      --CONH-- or the like, a to f respectively denote 0 or 1 and Y.sup.- and      Z.sup.- respectively represent an anionic group. 
The present invention is a sprayable gel cleaning composition and a method      of making said sprayable gel cleaning composition. The gel stays on the      stained surface until it is wiped off, unlike non-gelatinous compositions      that have a very short surface contact time. The active agents of the      sprayable gel cleaning composition are in contact with the stain for a      longer period of time than other cleaners. The sprayable gel cleaning      composition can be used to remove household and industrial spots and      stains that are present on walls, cabinets, stove tops, doors, and trim.      In addition, this invention can be used to clean concrete and brick, and      remove caulk and paint from surfaces, as well as remove bug and tar stains      present on automobiles, trucks, and other machinery and surfaces. The      gelatinous composition may be water-based or solvent-based. 
The present invention relates to cleaning compositions comprising a      protease variant. One cleaning composition comprises a protease variant      including a substitution of an amino acid residue with another naturally      occurring amino acid residue at an amino acid residue position      corresponding to position 103 of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subtilisin in      combination with a substitution of an amino acid residue with another      naturally occurring amino acid residue at one or more amino acid residue      positions corresponding to positions 1, 3, 4, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 16, 17,      18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 24, 27, 33, 37, 38, 42, 43, 48, 55, 57, 58, 61, 62,      68, 72, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 86, 87, 89, 97, 98, 99, 101, 102, 104, 106,      107, 109, 111, 114, 116, 117, 119, 121, 123, 126, 128, 130, 131, 133, 134,      137, 140, 141, 142, 146, 147, 158, 159, 160, 166, 167, 170, 173, 174, 177,      181, 182, 183, 184, 185, 188, 192, 194, 198, 203, 204, 205, 206, 209, 210,      211, 212, 213, 214, 215, 216, 217, 218, 222, 224, 227, 228, 230, 232, 236,      237, 238, 240, 242, 243, 244, 245, 246, 247, 248, 249, 251, 252, 253, 254,      255, 256, 257, 258, 259, 260, 261, 262, 263, 265, 268, 269, 270, 271, 272,      274 and 275 of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subtilisin; wherein when said      protease variant includes a substitution of amino acid residues at      positions corresponding to positions 103 and 76, there is also a      subtitution of an amino acid residue at one or more amino acid residue      positions other than amino acid residue positions corresponding to      positions 27, 99, 101, 104, 107, 109, 123, 128, 166, 204, 206, 210, 216,      217, 218, 222, 260, 265 or 274 of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subtilisin;      and one or more cleaning adjunct materials. Another cleaning composition      comprises a protease variant including a substitution of an amino acid      residue with another naturally occurring amino acid residue at one or more      amino acid residue positions corresponding to positions 62, 212, 230, 232,      252 and 257 of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subtilisin; and one or more      cleaning adjunct materials. Methods for using the cleaning compositions      are also provided. 
To provide two-agent type liquid bleaching compositions having excellent      bleaching effect even if a mixing ratio of the two agents varies, great      usability, and no problem in storage stability, two-agent type liquid      bleaching compositions contains an agent A and an agent B filled and held      in separate chambers of a container and comprises the agent A made of      constituents containing 0.1 to 10% by weight of hydrogen peroxide and      water and provided with certain buffering capacity, and the agent B made      of constituents containing an alkali agent and water and provided with      certain buffering capacity. 
The present invention relates to a method for fabric treatment. More      specifically the invention relates to a convenient to carry fabric      treatment applicator comprising a heat activatable compound such as a      peroxide bleach, which can be advantageously used on clothes while they      are worn. Claimed and described is a method for the application of a      fabric treatment composition comprising a heat activatable compound such      as a peroxide bleach onto a fabric whereby the temperature of the      composition is raised with regard to the storage temperature. Further      claimed is a fabric treatment applicator comprising a heat activatable      compound and a flow interruption means, preferably a valve, to interrupt      or allow the flow of the fabric treatment composition. 
A plastics compatible detergent composition is provided by the invention.      The plastics compatible detergent composition includes about 0.01 wt. % to      about 10 wt. % anionic surfactant; about 0.01 wt. % to about 10 wt. %      cationic surfactant; about 0.01 wt. % to about 10 wt. % of at least one of      reverse polyoxyalkylene block copolymer surfactant, alcohol alkoxylate      surfactant having polyoxypropylene and/or polyoxybutylene end groups, and      mixtures thereof; about 0.01 wt. % to about 10 wt. % alkylpolyglycoside      surfactant; and about 0.01 wt. % to about 20 wt. % silicone surfactant. A      method for washing an article having a plastic surface is provided by the      invention. The method includes a step of applying the detergent      composition to the plastic surface, and rinsing the detergent composition      from the article. 
A data transmission system which is particularly useful for a remote      control apparatus for an electric fence. The apparatus includes a portable      hand held housing with a contact 16 which in use can contact a conductor      of an electric fence line. The output of the apparatus includes a      resonating circuit with inductor L, transformer 14 and a small high      voltage capacitor C2. The apparatus can thus generate information embedded      within a series of short signal bursts of a frequency within a      predetermined frequency range. A receiver coupled to or forming part of an      electric fence energizer can receive a signal from the apparatus to      control operation of the energizer. 
A bathroom cleaning composition containing a chlorine containing bleach,      that is effective in removing mold and mildew as well as removing soap      scum. 
A translucent or transparent composition comprising     a. about 3 to about 40 wt. % soap,     b. about 4 to about 40 wt. % of at least one synthetic surfactant,     c. about 14 to about 45 wt. % water,     d. from 0 to about 3 wt. % lower monohydric alcohol,     e. about 5 to about 60 wt. % of a humectant,     f. from 0 to about 5 wt. % of a structurant,     g. from 0 to about 10 wt. % of a gellant with the proviso that the      structurant and gellant are not 0 at the same time. 
Compositions that include mixtures of (a) at least one dialkyl quat in the      amount of from about 10% to about 90% by weight of the composition; and      (b) at least one monoalkyl quat in the amount of from about 10% to about      90% by weight of the composition are provided. Various embodiments are      provided. In one embodiment, the mixtures include dialkyl immidazoline      quats and monoalkyl immidazoline quats. In one embodiment, the mixtures      include dialkyl immidazoline quats and monoalkyl ammonium quats. Various      methods of making immidazoline quats and quat mixtures, personal care and      cosmetic products and formulations that contain the immidazoline quats and      quat mixtures, methods of making such personal care and cosmetic products      and formulations, and methods of using the such immidazoline quats, quat      mixtures, and personal care and cosmetic products and formulations are      also provided. 
There is described a fracturing fluid comprising a polar base, 0.1-5.0% of      a mid-molecular weight polyacrylate, and an activator for ionizing the      polyacrylate to a hydroscopic state. 
Compositions and methods are provided for reducing the permeability of      subterranean zones. More particularly, water-soluble polymeric      compositions which form cross-linked gels in the zones. In general, the      composition comprises (a) at least one water-soluble polymer; (b) at least      one organic gelling agent capable of cross-linking the water-soluble      polymer; and (c) at least one water-soluble formate. More preferably, the      water-soluble polymer is a copolymer of (i) at least one non-acidic      ethylenically unsaturated polar monomer, and (ii) at least one      copolymerisable ethylenically unsaturated ester. The gelling agent is      preferably selected from the group consisting of a polyalkyleneimine,      polyfunctional aliphatic amine, an aralkylamine, and a heteroaralkylamine.      The preferred water-soluble formate is selected from the group consisting      of ammonium formate, lithium formate, sodium formate, potassium formate,      rubidium formate, cesium formate, and francium formate. Water is used to      make an aqueous composition prior to use in a subterranean formation. The      methods of this invention for reducing the permeability of a subterranean      zone are comprised of the steps of introducing an aqueous composition      according to the invention into a subterranean zone, and then allowing the      aqueous composition to form a cross-linked gel in the zone. Preferably,      the method includes the step of subsequently producing hydrocarbons from      the subterranean formation. 
The present invention provided with novel 5-benzyloxymethyl-1,2-isoxazoline      derivatives of the formula (1), their preparation method and their use as      herbicides. The 5-benzyloxymethyl-1,2-isoxazoline derivatives according to      the present invention have sufficiently high herbicidal activity against      the weeds in the paddy field rice even at low dose rates and excellent      selectivity to transferred rice in particular. As thus, the compounds of      the present invention are typically useful as herbicides for control of      paddy weeds in rice. 
The invention relates to novel substituted benzoylisoxazoles of the general      formula (I),        STR1   in which     n represents the number 0, 1, 2 or 3,     A represents a single bond or represents alkanediyl (alkylene),     R.sup.1 represents hydrogen or represents in each case optionally      substituted alkyl, alkenyl or cycloalkyl,     R.sup.2 represents hydrogen, cyano, carbamoyl, halogen, or represents in      each case optionally substituted alkyl, alkylcarbonyl, alkoxy,      alkoxycarbonyl or alkylthio, alkylsulphinyl or alkylsulphonyl,     R.sup.3 represents hydrogen, nitro, cyano, carboxyl, carbamoyl,      thiocarbamoyl, halogen, or represents in each case optionally substituted      alkyl, alkoxy, alkylthio, alkylsulphinyl, alkylsulphonyl, alkylamino,      dialkylamino or dialkylaminosulphonyl,     R.sup.4 represents nitro, cyano, carboxyl, carbamoyl, thiocarbamoyl,      halogen, or represents in each case optionally substituted alkyl, alkoxy,      alkylthio, alkylsulphinyl, alkylsulphonyl, alkylamino, dialkylamino or      dialkylaminosulphonyl, and     Z represents an optionally substituted 4- to 12-membered, saturated or      unsaturated, monocyclic or bicyclic, heterocyclic grouping which contains      1 to 4 hetero atoms (up to 4 nitrogen atoms and optionally--alternatively      or additionally--one oxygen atom or one sulphur atom, or one SO grouping      or one SO.sub.2 grouping) and which additionally contains one to three oxo      groups (C.dbd.O) and/or thioxo groups (C.dbd.S) as components of the      heterocycle, and to processes for their preparation and to their use as herbicides. 
The invention relates to novel substituted arylsulphonyl(thio)ureas        STR1   in which     A represents nitrogen or a CH grouping,     Q represents oxygen or sulphur,     R.sup.1 represents hydrogen, halogen or respectively optionally substituted      alkyl, alkoxy, alkylthio, alkylamino, dialkylamino, cycloalkyl,      cycloalkyloxy or heterocyclyloxy,     R.sup.2 represents hydrogen, halogen or respectively optionally substituted      alkyl, alkoxy, alkylthio, alkylamino, dialkylamino, cycloalkyl,      cycloalkyloxy or heterocyclyloxy,     R.sup.3 represents hydrogen or optionally substituted alkyl,     R.sup.4 represents respectively optionally substituted alkyl, alkoxy,      alkenyl, alkinyl, alkenyloxy, alkinyloxy, cycloalkyl, cycloalkyloxy or      cycloalkylalkyl, and     R.sup.5 represents hydrogen, formyl or respectively optionally substituted      alkyl, alkylcarbonyl, alkoxycarbonyl, alkylsulphonyl, alkenyl, alkinyl,      cycloalkyl, cycloalkylcarbonyl, cycloalkylsulphonyl or heterocyclyl,     and to salts of compounds of the formula (I),     except for the compound      N-(4,6-dimethyl-pyrimidin-2-yl)-N -[2-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-ethoxy)-6-methy     l-phenylsulphonyl]-urea,     to processes for preparing the novel compounds and to their use as      herbicides. 
A photocatalyst which comprises an oxysulfide containing at least one      transition metal; a preferable photocatalyst which also comprises a rare      earth element such as Sm in addition to the above and wherein the      transition metal is at least one selected from the group consisting of Ti      and Nb; a more preferable photocatalyst which further comprises a promoter      comprising a transition metal such as Pt loaded on each of the above      photocatalyst; and a catalyst for use in the decomposition of water by a      light which comprises one of the above oxysulfide photocatalysts. 
An .alpha.-olefin polymerization catalyst comprising (A) a solid catalyst      component containing a titanium compound obtained by treating a solid      product having a titanium content of 1.5% by weight or less obtained by      reducing Ti(OR.sup.1).sub.a X.sub.4-n (R.sup.1 represents a hydrocarbon      group having 1 to 20 carbon atoms, X represents a halogen atom and a      represents a number satisfying 0&lt;a.ltoreq.4.) with an organomagnesium      compound in the presence of an organosilicon compound having an Si--O bond      and an ester compound, with an ester compound, and treating the      ester-treated solid with a mixture of an ether compound and titanium      tetrachloride or a mixture of an ether compound, titanium tetrachloride      and an ester compound, (B) an organoaluminum compound and (C) an electron      donative compound, and a process for producing an .alpha.-olefin polymer      with said .alpha.-olefin polymerization catalyst. 
A data sample and transmission module for a power distribution system      having a microprocessor, a locator device, and a network interface is      provided. The microprocessor samples one or more first signals indicative      of a condition of power in the power distribution system. The locator      device is changeable between a first state and a second state. The network      interface can place the microprocessor in communication with a network so      that the microprocessor samples the first signals based in part upon a      synchronization signal receivable from the network and so that the locator      device changes from the first state to the second state in response to a      command receivable from the data network. 
This description addresses a process for the preparation of polyolefins      from one or more olefinic monomers comprising combining under      polymerization conditions said olefins with the product of combining i) an      organometallic catalyst compound and ii) a cocatalyst complex comprising a      trialkylsilyl-substituted carbenium cation and a suitable noncoordinating      or weakly coordinating anion. These complexes exhibit good solubility in      aliphatic solvents such that use in aliphatic solution based      polymerization reaction processes can be conducted without the use of      aromatic solvents or co-solvents and without the need for slurry means of      introduction into chemical reaction environments. High number-average      molecular weight polymers and copolymers at high rates of productivity      were observed from the use of metallocene catalysts complexes when      activated with [(3, 5-(Et.sub.3 Si).sub.2 Ph).sub.3 C].sup.+ [(C.sub.6      F.sub.5) B].sup.- and used in a hexane-based solution polymerization. 
A process for making ethylene copolymers is disclosed. Ethylene      copolymerizes with an .alpha.-olefin in the presence of a catalyst system      comprising an activator and a silica-supported, bridged indenoindolyl      metal complex having open architecture. The supported complex      incorporates comonomers with exceptional efficiency, and the process gives      ethylene copolymers having high molecular weights (Mw&gt;100K) and very      low densities (&lt;0.910 g/cm.sup.3). Open architecture catalysts that      include bridging through the indolyl nitrogen of the indenoindolyl      framework are also described. Additionally, supported and unsupported      indeno[1,2-b]indolyl catalysts provide exceptional activities in the      preparation of elastomeric polypropylene and ethylene copolymers. 
Catalysts for copolymerization of olefins and styrenes, comprising (A) a      transition metal compound, (B) an oxygen-containing compound and/or a      compound capable of reacting with a transition metal compound to form an      ionic complex, (C) a specific compound such as a reaction product of      triphenylmethyl alcohol and triisobutylaluminium, and optionally (D) an      alkylating agent, and methods for producing olefin-styrene copolymers in      the presence of such catalysts, which catalysts have the advantages of      enhancing the copolymerization activity and reducing the amount of the      promoter such as oxygen-containing compounds, etc, and using them,      olefin-styrene copolymers can be produced efficiently and inexpensively. 
The coating composition of the invention cures at room temperature, and      forms a coating which is resistant to flex-fatigue. environmental      temperature variability and provides for excellent adhesion to flexible      elastomeric substrates. The coating in two parts comprises (A) a      graft-modified fluoroelastomer and (B) a curing component containing at      least one group reactive with an active hydrogen bearing group, such as an      isocyanate group and another group which forms crosslinks, and (C) a      solvent. The coating is prepared by mixing and milling the fluoroelasomer      which has been graft-functionalized with an active hydrogen bearing group      groups. The first part is admixed with the second part prior to applying      the coating. Gelation of the coating takes place at room temperature over      several hours with complete cure taking place within about 24 hours. 
The present invention relates to a process for the preparation of zeolitic      catalysts of the MFI type in spheroidal form. The process consists in emulsifying and consolidating in paraffinic      hydrocarbons, in the presence of a non-ionic surface-active agent or a      suitable combination of a non-ionic surface-active agent and a cationic      surface-active agent, a dispersion of particles of zeolitic material of      the MFI type in a silica sol. 
A plasma-resistant member for a semiconductor manufacturing apparatus,      which can reduce the contamination level on a semiconductor wafer. The      contents of Fe, Ni, Cr and Cu are made lower than 1.0 ppm respectively      within a depth of at least 10 .mu.m from surface in a plasma-resistant      member. 
A method of making a superconducting structure includes depositing a metal      alkoxide on a surface of a metal and hydrolyzing the metal alkoxide on the      surface to form a pinhole-free film. The metal is a superconductor. The      metal alkoxide may be a compound of formula (I): where M is zirconium or hafnium, and the purity of the compound is at least      97% as measured by NMR spectroscopy. 
A breathable, biodegradable/compostable laminate for use in personal care      products. The laminates may be produced from polymer blends. The      biodegradable/compostable laminates may be used in a disposable absorbent      product intended for the absorption of fluids such as body fluids. 
Thermally divisible multicomponent fibers having at least a first component      including an elastomeric polymer and at least a second component including      a non-elastomeric polymer. The multicomponent fibers are useful in the      manufacture of nonwoven structures, and in particular nonwoven structures      used as synthetic suede and filtration media. 
In order to provide a method for locating moving objects that will allow      high precision in position determination and thus largely eliminate      sorting errors, and also to provide a device suitable for executing the      method, it is envisaged that on at least one defined location within the      reading range of an interrogator (16) arranged in a stationary position,      an interference pulse, which influences a response signal transmitted by a      transponder (20) carried by a moving object (12) in response to a signal      transmitted by the interrogator (16), is exerted on the object (12), and a      position of the object (12) is determined in dependence on a time when the      influence of the response signal occurred. 
A heat-resistant fiber paper sheet which is formed from staple fibers made      from a heat-resistant organic polymer, undrawn or low ratio drawn      para-aromatic polyamide staple fibers, and an organic resin binder and/or      fibrids comprising a heat-resistant organic polymer as main components,      wherein the amount of said staple fibers is 45 to 97 percent by weight      based on the total amount of said heat-resistant fiber paper sheet; the      total amount of said organic resin binder and/or said fibrids is 3 to 55      percent by weight based on the total amount of said heat-resistant fiber      paper sheet; and said organic resin binder is cured, and/or said undrawn      or low ratio drawn para-aromatic polyamide staple fibers and said fibrids      are partially softened, deformed and/or melted to exhibit the actions of      binders. The obtained heat-resistant fiber paper sheet has excellent heat      resistance, excellent heat dimensional stability, excellent plybond      strength, an excellent electric insulating property in a high humidity,      and the like, has good resin impregnability in spite of having a high bulk      density, and is especially suitable for use as a substrate for electric      insulating materials or as a substrate for laminates used for electric      circuits. 
The glass transmittance of UV light having a wavelength of 365 nanometers      is reduced by compounding an oxide or salt of at least one of Fe, Cu, Cr,      Ce, Mn and mixtures thereof. The fiberglass cloth can be used for      providing reinforced prepregs used in producing printed circuit boards or      laminated chip carrier substrates. 
There is provided and fibrous layer for personal care products wherein the      fibrous layer is made from micro-fine fibers deposited as an aqueous      slurry onto a nonwoven web, and subsequently dried. The micro-fine fibers      have a diameter from a positive amount to 0.5 microns. The nonwoven web      may be produced from a number of methods, such as meltblowing,      spunbonding, coforming, bonding and carding, and airlaying. The micro-fine      fiber layer can be used to adjust the permeability of the nonwoven web,      thus providing a method of controlling the rate of fluid movement through      a personal care product, like diapers, training pants, incontinence      garments and feminine hygiene products. 
A method of making a quilt includes a batting including a heat activated      adhesive coating each side or faces of the batting. The quilt covers are      attached to the batting by sequentially placing the covers onto the      respective batting faces and heating each cover and adjacent adhesive by      moving a hot iron over each cover. The covers are connected to each by a      plurality of spaced yarn or other suitable decorative connecting means      which extend through the covers and batting to secure the batting in place      and may form a desired decorative pattern. The inactive adhesive remains      in the quilt or is removed by washing of the quilt. The batting with the      inactive adhesive is provided as a commercially available product. 
An object of the present invention is to apply an insulating film of cure      and high quality that is suitably applicable as gate insulating film and      protective film to a technique that the insulation film is formed on the      glass substrate under a temperature of strain point or lower, and to a      semiconductor device realizing high efficiency and high reliability by      using it. In a semiconductor device of the present invention, a gate      insulating film of a field effect type transistor with channel length of      from 0.35 to 2.5 .mu.m in which a silicon nitride film is formed over a      crystalline semiconductor film through a silicon oxide film, wherein the      silicon nitride film contains hydrogen with the concentration of      1.times.10.sup.21 /cm.sup.3 or less and has characteristic of an etching      rate of 10 nm/min or less with respect to mixed solution containing an      ammonium hydrogen fluoride (NH.sub.4 HF.sub.2) of 7.13% and an ammonium      fluoride (NH.sub.4 F) of 15.4%. 
A bilayer dielectric structure for substantially reducing or eliminating      metal contaminants formed during subsequent polysilicon deposition is      provided. The bilayer dielectric structure includes an upper surface      region that is rich in chlorine located atop a bottom surface region. The      upper surface region that is rich in chlorine removes metal contaminates      that are present atop the structure during subsequent formation of a      polysilicon layer. A method of forming the bilayer structure is also      provided. 
A method for fabricating a semiconductor crystal that has a first step for      forming a semiconductor crystal layer (202) that contains carbon atoms and      at least one kind of Group IV element other than carbon on a substrate      (201), a second step for adding an impurity that is capable of reacting      with oxygen to the semiconductor crystal layer (202), and a third step for      removing the carbon atoms contained in the semiconductor crystal layer      (202) by reacting the carbon with the impurity. This method makes it      possible to fabricate a semiconductor crystal substrate in which the      concentration of interstitial carbon atoms is satisfactorily reduced, thus      resulting in excellent electrical properties when the substrate is applied      to a semiconductor device. 
A fabrication process of a flash memory device includes microwave      excitation of high-density plasma in a mixed gas of Kr and an oxidizing      gas or a nitriding gas. The resultant atomic state oxygen O* or hydrogen      nitride radicals NH* are used for nitridation or oxidation of a      polysilicon electrode surface. It is also disclosed the method of forming      an oxide film and a nitride film on a polysilicon film according to such a      plasma processing. 
Methods are provided for depositing a silicon carbide layer having      significantly reduced current leakage. The silicon carbide layer may be a      barrier layer or part of a barrier bilayer that also includes a barrier      layer. Methods for depositing oxygen-doped silicon carbide barrier layers      are also provided. The silicon carbide layer may be deposited by reacting      a gas mixture comprising an organosilicon compound, an aliphatic      hydrocarbon comprising a carbon-carbon double bond or a carbon-carbon      triple bond, and optionally, helium in a plasma. Alternatively, the      silicon carbide layer may be deposited by reacting a gas mixture      comprising hydrogen or argon and an organosilicon compound in a plasma. 
A method of forming a semiconductor structure is described that includes      etching a trench in a semiconductor substrate, wherein an oxide layer      overlies the semiconductor substrate, and a nitride layer overlies the      oxide layer; and cleaning the semiconductor substrate while simultaneously      performing a pull back of the nitride layer. Methods of making      semiconductor devices and electronic devices, and silicon wafers having      trenches and isolation regions formed by the above-mentioned methods are      also described. 
An anti-abduction system and method is disclosed which utilizes a radio      frequency transceiver attached to a slave to communicate with a      corresponding master transceiver to detect and prevent abductions, which      may be advantageously applied to situations in which child abduction is a      possibility. The disclosed system and method utilizes communication      protocols to notify the master of the proximal locality of the slave unit      and any spatial deviation of the slave from the master. Utilization of      varying strength transceiver signaling between the master and slave      permits the distance between the master and slave to be approximated.      Additionally, the slave may contain an optional heartbeat monitor to      detect and report situations in which the device is removed from the      potential abduction victim. The present invention may be generally      targeted towards preventing child abductions, but has applications as an      anti-terrorist device in preventing kidnappings of political persons and      other innocents by terrorist groups and the like. 
A method for the production of semiconductor components which includes      applying masking layers and components on epitaxial semiconductor      substrates within the epitaxy reactor without removal of the substrate      from the reactor. At least one of the masking layers is HF soluble such      that a gas etchant may be introduced within the reactor so as to etch a      select number and portion of masking layers. This method may be used for      production of lateral integrated components on a substrate wherein the      components may be of the same or different type. Such types include      electronic and optoelectronic components. Numerous masking layers may be      applied, each defining particular windows intended to receive each of the      various components. In the reactor, the masks may be selectively removed,      then the components grown in the newly exposed windows. 
A method utilizing a plasma etching machine which comprises a process      chamber defining an interior region and including a bottom wall having an      aperture and a block disposed in the aperture and including a      longitudinally extending bore. A shaft extends through the bore and      includes a spider push rod extending longitudinally therethrough. An      internally cooled chuck is coupled to the shaft and disposed in the      interior region and cooperates with the shaft to define a chamber. A      spider is disposed in the chamber and is coupled to the push rod. A lift      mechanism is coupled to the shaft and the push rod so that the spider      pushes up on a wafer in response to actuation of the lift mechanism. A      wafer clamping mechanism is coupled to the push rod if a mechanical clamp      is used. In the case of electrostatic clamp the bias applied to the chuck      is coupled with the use of a rotational roller to allow the bias to be      applied to the chuck for the duration of the etch process. A RF source is      needed for ionization of the gas. If the plasma etching machine has RF      power applied through the bottom, then a rotational roller is used for      this as well and must be isolated from the electrostatic voltage used to      clamp the wafer. 
A multi-step etching process for a lead overlay structure such as a      thin-film magnetic head structure using secondary ion mass spectroscopy      (SIMS) whereby high selectivity of a lead material or other high      conductivity metal layer is realized versus that of a metallic mask      material and stopping layer. The first step includes patterning the mask      layer using IBE or RIE. Advantageously, a photoresist layer is present      over a portion of the mask layer and is left in place to be removed in a      subsequent step. The second step includes etching the high conductivity      metal layer using CAIBE or RIBE with an inert/reactive gas mixture and      using SIMS to detect when the stopping layer is reached. The gas mixture      comprises an inert gas and a reactive gas that is either oxygen, nitrogen,      or a combination of oxygen and nitrogen, whereby the ionized gas mixture      contains ions that increase the sensitivity of the SIMS yield of the      stopping layer such that the end point of the high conductivity metal      layer is detected and etching can then be stopped at the appropriate time.      The chemistry of the second etching step is effective to also remove the      photoresist at a high etch rate. The third step includes etching the      stopping layer with IBE using an inert gas, advantageously with a high      angle of about 40-70.degree.. The third step may also be effective to etch      debris redeposited on the sidewalls of the structure, and to remove all or      a portion of the remaining mask layer. 
A fabrication method of a semiconductor integrated circuit device      comprises, in an SAC process or HARC process, subjecting a semiconductor      substrate to plasma etching to make contact holes in an oxide film made of      a silicon oxide film formed on the semiconductor substrate. For improving      the ease-in-etching property of the silicon oxide film and selectivity to      a nitride film, a residence time of an etching gas within a chamber is so      set as to be in a range where selectivity to an insulating film made of      silicon nitride is improved by using etching conditions of a low pressure      and a large flow rate of the etching gas of C.sub.5 H.sub.8 /O.sub.2 /Ar. 
Plasma reactor and process for very fast etching of silicon or epoxy resins      in which a wafer is placed on a pedestal in a chamber, gas is exhausted      from the chamber through a pressure regulation valve, a gas containing      fluorine and/or oxygen is introduced into chamber through a showerhead      electrode which is positioned substantially parallel to and less than 6 mm      from the pedestal, RF power is applied to the pedestal and/or the      showerhead electrode, and the pressure inside the chamber is maintained at      a level greater than 1.5 Torr. 
A two-dimensional crystalline film of ferritin 4 holding iron-oxide cores 1      is formed on a silicon substrate 6. The silicon substrate 6 is then etched      by using at least the cores 1 as an etching mask. Since the cores 1 have a      small diameter of 6 nm, a fine structure can be formed on the substrate,      enabling manufacturing of a semiconductor light-emitting element and      various semiconductor devices using a quantum effect. 
This invention provides a method for manufacturing an electric capacitance      type acceleration sensor capable of achieving high productivity in which a      semiconductor manufacturing process is used. More specifically, this      invention provides a method for manufacturing an electric capacitance type      acceleration sensor comprising the steps of: forming a p-type low      resistance layer 12 for diffusing thermally a boron ion by implanting the      boron ion into the surface of an n-type single crystal silicon 11; etching      the p-type low resistance layer 12 to leave a beam part 24 and a part 27      to be a movable electrode; forming a silicon oxide layer 13 to be a      sacrificial film, a fixed electrode layer 15 and a silicon nitride film      layer 17 on the surface of the silicon substrate 11; etching      anisotrophically from the rear surface of the silicon substrate by KOH      solution making the p-type low resistance layer stop etching; and forming      a hollow layer 19 by removing the silicon oxide film 16 by using a      hydrofluoric acid solution from the rear surface of the silicon substrate. 
A method of patterning a thin film includes a step of forming at least one      strippable conductive film on a surface of a thin film to be patterned, a      step of forming a mask on the at least one strippable conductive film, a      step of patterning the thin film to be patterned by dry etching using the      mask, and a step of removing the at least one strippable conductive film. 
Slurries for use in the chemical mechanical polishing (CMP) of copper and      copper diffusion barriers that reduce pattern sensitive erosion of an      underlying dielectric layer include at least one surfactant. Inclusion of      surfactants, such as cetyltrimethylammonium bromide in a slurry mixture      can reduce pattern sensitive erosion of dielectric materials such as      silicon oxide, and fluorinated oxides of silicon that would otherwise      occur during CMP of copper and copper diffusion barriers as is typical in      the formation of copper interconnect lines in integrated circuits. 
A planarizing pad for planarzing a microelectronic substrate, and a method      and apparatus for forming the planarizing pad. In one embodiment,      planarzing pad material is mixed with compressed gas to form a plurality      of discrete elements that are distributed on a film support material. The      film support material is supported by a liquid and is drawn from the      liquid with a backing layer. At least a portion of the discrete elements      are spaced apart from each other on the film support material to form a      textured surface for engaging a microelectronic substrate and removing      material from the microelectronic substrate. The discrete elements can be      uniformly or randomly distributed on the film support material. 
A radio medical monitoring system is disclosed, which comprises a modem; a      central processing unit (CPU) connected with the modem for digital data      transmission therewith; a read-only-memory (ROM) connected with the CPU; a      memory connected with the CPU; one or a plurality of digital medical      sensors connected with the CPU for transmitting signals from a subject      under examination to the CPU; a radio transceiver connected with the modem      for receiving/transmitting radio waves and performing an analog signal      transmission with the modem. The monitoring system of the present      invention has Group ID (GID) and Sort ID functions, and automatically      replies according to the order of the Sort ID after identifying the Group      ID and confirming that it is necessary to reply. The present invention      also discloses a radio medical monitoring method. 
A method of manufacturing a semiconductor device is provided. A nickel      silicide layer (e.g., NiSi) is formed on a substrate. Next, a hydrogen      plasma treatment may be performed on the silicide layer, which may induce      the formation of metal/silicon hydride bonds in the silicide layer. An      etch stop layer is formed over the silicide layer. A dielectric layer is      formed over the etch stop layer. An opening is formed in the dielectric      layer. A portion of the etch stop layer is etched away at the opening to      expose at least a portion of the silicide layer therebeneath. The etch      chemistry mixture used during the etching step preferably includes      hydrogen gas. The change in sheet resistance for the exposed silicide      layer portion at the opening after the etching step, as compared to before      the etching step, is preferably not greater than about 0.10 ohms/square. 
The present invention provides a method for creating microscopic high      resistivity structures on a target by directing a focused ion beam toward      an impact point on the target and directing a precursor gas toward the      impact point, the ion beam causing the precursor gas to decompose and      thereby deposit a structure exhibiting high resistivity onto the target.      The precursor gas preferably contains a first compound that would form a      conductive layer and a second compound that would form an insulating layer      if each of the first and second compounds were applied alone in the      presence of the ion beam. 
A process for forming copper metal interconnects and copper-filled vias in      a dielectric layer on an integrated circuit structure wherein the impurity      level of the copper-filled metal lines and copper-filled vias is lowered,      resulting in an increase in the average grain size of the copper, a      reduction of the resistivity, and more homogeneous distribution of the      stresses related to the formation of the copper metal lines and      copper-filled vias throughout the deposited copper. The process comprises:      depositing a partial layer of copper metal in trenches and via openings      previously formed in one or more dielectric layers, then annealing the      deposited copper layer at an elevated temperature for a predetermined      period of time; and then repeating both the deposit step and the step of      annealing the deposited layer of copper one or more additional times until      the desired final thickness is reached. After the deposition and annealing      of the deposited copper, the annealed structure is then planarized      preferably using, for example, a chemical mechanical polishing (CMP)      process, and then the planarized structure is again annealed. Preferably      the process further includes removing a thin portion of copper from the      surface of the deposited and annealed copper layer. 
The present invention discloses a method for manufacturing a semiconductor      device, and in particular to a contact process of metal lines for      connecting a local bit line for transmitting signals in an MAT to a new      bit line for transmitting signals between the MATs in a layout structure      having a bit line switch between the MATs. In the disclosed method, the      metal line contact is formed according to the large first metal contact      process and the small second metal contact process, and thus the contact      hole having a high aspect ratio is formed to have a predetermined size,      thereby embodying the hierarchical bit line structure. 
In the production of a high frequency circuit chip in which a wiring      pattern is disposed on a substrate having a through-hole, a connecting      electrode of the through-hole is formed by filling electrically conductive      paste into a perforation and firing it, and the wiring pattern is formed      by a lift-off method. Moreover, at least the surface of the substrate for      the wiring pattern to be formed thereon is mirror-polished, and      thereafter, the wiring pattern is formed on the mirror-polished surface by      the lift-off method. 
A method of forming a barrier metal film formed of a nitride film including      tungsten by thermal CVD. The method includes positioning a substrate in a      processing vessel and forming a WSi film on one side of the substrate by      supplying a process gas including WF.sub.6 gas and at least one of      SiR.sub.4 gas, SiH.sub.2 Cl.sub.2 gas and Si.sub.2 H.sub.6 gas into the      processing vessel while a processing pressure in the processing vessel is      maintained. The method also includes shutting off the supplying of the      process gas into the processing vessel and completely removing the process      gas from the processing vessel by supplying a purging gas into the      processing vessel after the shutting off the supplying. The WSi film is      nitrided by supplying NH.sub.3 gas or MMH gas into the processing vessel      from which the process gas has been removed, to form a WSixNy film. 
A process of making a buried digit line stack is disclosed. The process      includes forming a silicon-lean metal silicide first film over a      polysilicon plug, followed by a silicide compound barrier second film. The      silicide compound barrier second film is covered with a refractory metal      third film. A salicidation process causes the first film to salicide with      the polysilicon plug. In one embodiment, all the aforementioned deposition      processes are carried out by physical vapor deposition (PVD). 
To suppress oxidation of the inner walls of element isolation grooves      otherwise occurring during thermal oxidation processes, a nitrogen      introducing layer, that has a lower diffusion coefficient relative to an      oxidizing agent, is formed at the surface portion of a silicon oxide film      buried within an element isolation groove. This nitrogen introduced layer      functions as a barrier layer for precluding the oxidizer (such as oxygen,      water or the like) in vapor phase from diffusing into the silicon oxide      film during thermal processing steps. The nitrogen introduced layer is      formed by performing nitrogen ion implantation into the entire surface of      a substrate and subsequently applying thermal processing to the substrate      to thereby activate the nitrogen that has been doped. 
A method of forming a MOS transistor in an upper surface of a semiconductor      substrate. A gate oxide layer covers the upper surface of the substrate. A      gate stack comprising one or more thin film layers covers the gate oxide      layer. A gate electrode pattern is partially etched into the gate stack,      the partial etching step being completed before any of the gate oxide      layer is exposed. Sidewall spacers are formed on edge surfaces of the      partially formed gate electrode. Source and drain regions are created by      ion implantation using the partially etched gate electrode and the      sidewall spacers as a mask. The sidewall spacers are removed and lightly      doped drain regions are formed by ion implantation using the partially      etched gate electrode as a mask. 
A process for masking an electronic component substrate involving      application of a temporary mask material to the substrate to form a      removably adhered temporary mask over the surface. Exemplary mask      materials include polymer films and aqueous hardenable liquid coatings. An      electronic component substrate having a temporary mask for masking the      substrate surface from interconnect fill material. 
This system provides for apparatus and process in conjunction with      long-range wireless communication networks such as paging, cell phone and      other networks. The system provides for alarm and other signals received      from a security or other type of detection system to be verified by a      remote user so as to assist in the cancellation of alarms so that false      dispatches can be prevented. 
At the time of performing a polishing process on a tungsten film and a      silicon oxide film, based on the relation between a residual step and      pattern density preliminarily obtained while changing polishing      parameters, from pattern density of plugs in the polishing step and a      predetermined residual step required, polishing parameters are determined      so that a residual step does not exceed a predetermined residual step h.      With the determined polishing parameters, the polishing process is      performed on the tungsten film and the silicon oxide film so that the      films are planarized, and plugs are formed in contact holes. As a result,      a semiconductor device in which a step does not exceeds a predetermined      residual step by a polishing process is obtained. 
The present invention is directed to suppressing the rise of a dielectric      constant of insulating film during a procedure of burying wiring in      semiconductor devices by using a damascene process, and it is also      directed to simplifying a process of manufacturing the semiconductor      devices. In terms of a process step of forming protection film on a metal      layer during the damascene process, there is employed a combined      arrangement of a wash unit where particles are removed from polished      substrates with a processing unit where a solution containing an organic      substance such as benzotriazole, which tends to be bound to the metal      layers, is applied to the metal layers over the substrates after the      particles are removed therefrom. For the combined arrangement of the      processing unit and the wash unit, either a batch processing unit or a      mono/serial processing unit can be employed. 
A method for forming a contact hole of a semiconductor device, wherein a      polymer residual on a bottom surface of the contact hole is treated with      plasma of mixture gas containing oxygen to convert the polymer residual      into a pure silicon oxide film free of carbon and fluorine for easy      removal in a subsequent washing process is disclosed. The method comprises      (a) sequentially forming a capping layer and a planarized interlayer      insulating film on a semiconductor substrate having a predetermined lower      structure; (b) selectively etching the interlayer insulating film to      expose a predetermined region of the capping layer; (c) removing the      exposed capping layer; (d) subjecting the resulting structure to a plasma      treatment using a mixture gas containing oxygen; and (e) performing a      cleaning process. 
In a semiconductor device, a plurality of wiring films are formed on a      front surface of a base comprising an insulating resin and having      electrode-forming holes, the surfaces of the wiring films and the surface      of the base being positioned on the same plane and at least parts of the      wiring films overlapping with the electrode-forming holes; a conductive      material is embedded into the electrode-forming holes to form external      electrodes on the back surface, away from the wiring films, of the base; a      semiconductor element is positioned on the front surface of the base with      an insulating film therebetween, the back surface of the semiconductor      element being bonded to said front surface of the base; wires bond the      electrodes of the semiconductor element to the corresponding wiring films;      and a resin seals the wiring films and the wires. 
An improved method for forming a fuse element is disclosed. During the      formation of the upper capacitor plate in a capacitor structure, metals or      their alloys are simultaneously patterned as an upper capacitor plate and      as a fuse. 
MOS transistors and a methods for manufacturing the same are described. In      one such MOS transistor, source and drain regions 12 are formed in an      element region on an Si substrate 11, and a gate electrode 14 including      silicide is formed through a gate oxide film 13 over a channel region      between the source and drain regions 12. The gate electrode 14 is formed      such that it includes a polysilicon gate electrode 14 and silicide 142 on      an upper portion thereof. At least a thickness of and metal to be      contained in the silicide 142 on the gate electrode 14 are selected      regardless of silicide 121 provided over the source and drain regions 12.      The thickness of the silicide 142 provided over the gate electrode 14 may      be greater than the thickness of the silicide 121 provided over the source      and drain regions 12. 
A method of forming an electronic component includes forming first and      second conductive materials over a substrate, with the second material      having a higher oxidation rate than an oxidation rate of the first      material when exposed to a thermal oxidizing atmosphere. The first and      second conductive materials are first etched to form a conductive      component. The conductive component has opposing outer lateral edges of      the first and second conductive materials which span between the opposing      outer lateral edges. Second etching is conducted into both of the second      material outer lateral edges to recess them inside of the first material      outer lateral edges. After the second etching, the substrate is exposed to      the thermal oxidizing atmosphere effective to grow an oxide layer over      both of the outer lateral edges of the first and second conductive      materials. Electronic components are disclosed and claimed independent of      any method of manufacture. 
A method of forming inter-level contacts or vias between metal layers using      a tungsten film deposited into the via using non-collimated sputter      deposition. The sputter chamber is configured with a pressure of about 1      mTorr to about 10 mTorr with an inert gas flow of at least 25 cm.sup.3      /min to about 150 cm.sup.3 /min. Shielding inside the chamber is coated      with a material, preferably, aluminum oxide, that promotes adhesion of      tungsten to the shielding. An adhesion layer of titanium may be included      prior to deposition of the tungsten film. Non-collimated sputter      deposition increases the target to substrate distance inside the sputter      chamber; reduces the heating effect associated with traditional collimated      sputtering; and provides more robust diffusion barriers. 
The introduction of a barrier diffusion material, such as nitrogen, into a      silicon-containing conductive region, for example the drain and source      regions and the gate electrode of a field effect transistor, allows the      formation of nickel silicide, which is substantially thermally stable up      to temperatures of 500.degree. C. Thus, the device performance may      significantly improve as the sheet resistance of nickel silicide is      significantly less than that of nickel disilicide. 
The process for manufacturing a through insulated interconnection is      performed by forming, in a body of semiconductor material, a trench      extending from the front (of the body for a thickness portion thereof;      filling the trench with dielectric material; thinning the body starting      from the rear until the trench, so as to form an insulated region      surrounded by dielectric material; and forming a conductive region      extending inside said insulated region between the front and the rear of      the body and having a higher conductivity than the first body. The      conductive region includes a metal region extending in an opening formed      inside the insulated region or of a heavily doped semiconductor region,      made prior to filling of the trench. 
An apparatus and method for the emergency release of passengers who are      trapped in an elevator car due to an operational disturbance includes a      remote alarm device in the elevator car for summoning help from outside      the building and equipment for the remote actuation from the elevator car      of an electrical closing or locking system of a building outer door.      Expert service personnel summoned from outside the building thus gain      access to the elevator even when the building door is locked in order to      release the trapped passengers. The actuation can be by a specific button      installed in the car control panel or through input of a code or by a      button combination of the control panel elements. According to a preferred      embodiment, the remote unlocking is possible only temporarily, so as to      prevent misuse of the emergency situation. 
The invention provides a method of pattering a substrate, in which a first      material in solution is deposited on the substrate. The composition of the      solution of the first material is selected so it dries to leave a residue      of the first material on the substrate, the residue comprising a thin film      in the centre and a ridge around the perimeter. The residue is etched to      remove the thin film, leaving the ridge on the substrate. After etching      the ridge is hydrophobic and the substrate is hydrophilic. An aqueous      solution of a second material is then deposited on both sides of the      ridge. After the aqueous solution has dried, the ridge is removed, leaving      a layer of the second material on the substrate, the layer having a narrow      gap therethrough. The layer may be used for the source and drain      electrodes of an organic thin film transistor. 
A semiconductor device of this invention is a single-layer gate nonvolatile      semiconductor memory in which a floating gate having a predetermined shape      is formed on a semiconductor substrate. This floating gate opposes a      diffusion layer serving as a control gate via a gate oxide film and is      capacitively coupled with the diffusion layer by using the gate oxide film      as a dielectric film. The diffusion layer immediately below the dielectric      film is insulated from the semiconductor substrate by an insulating film      such as a silicon oxide film. A pair of diffusion layers are formed in      surface regions of the semiconductor substrate on the two sides of the      floating gate extending on a tunnel oxide film. This invention can realize      a reliable semiconductor device which is a single-layer gate semiconductor      device by which a low-cost process is possible, has a control gate which      can well withstand a high voltage applied when data is erased or written,      and can prevent an operation error by minimizing variations in the      threshold value. 
A method of manufacturing a semiconductor device, which method comprises      the step of epitaxially growing a stack comprising an n-type doped layer      of a semiconductor material followed by at least one further layer of a      semiconductor material, the stack being grown in one continuous cycle. 
The present invention relates to a method of manufacturing a wafer in which      a heterogeneous material compound is detached at a pre-determined      detachment area of the compound, and the compound is subject to a thermal      treatment. It is the object of the present invention to provide an easy      and effective method of detachment a heterogeneous material compound with      a reduced risk of an undefined breaking of the compound. The object is      solved by a method wherein the thermal treatment includes annealing the      compound, where the annealing is stopped before a detachment of the      compound, and an irradiation of the compound with photons in order to      obtain a detachment of the compound at the pre-determined detachment area. 
A method of chemical-mechanical polishing for forming a shallow trench      isolation is disclosed. A substrate having a number of active regions,      including a number of relative large active regions and a number of      relative small active regions, is provided. The method comprises the      following steps. A silicon nitride layer on the substrate is first formed      A number of shallow trenches are formed between the active regions An      oxide layer is formed over the substrate, so that the shallow trenches are      filled with the oxide layer. A partial reverse active mask is formed on      the oxide layer. The partial rever active mask has an opening at a central      part of each relative large active region. The opening exposes a portion      of the oxide layer. The opening has at least a dummy pattern. The oxide      layer on the central part of each large active region is removed to expose      the silicon nitride layer. The partial reverse active mask is removed The      oxide layer is planarized to expose the silicon nitride layer. 
The present invention provides a method of forming a trench isolation in a      substrate, which comprises the steps of: forming a trench groove in a      substrate; forming a first electrically insulating layer which fills the      trench groove and extends over an upper surface of the substrate, wherein      the first electrically insulating layer has a first surface migration, and      an upper surface of the first electrically insulating layer has a first      hollow positioned over the trench groove; and forming a second      electrically insulating layer over the first electrically insulating      layer, wherein the second electrically insulating layer fills the first      hollow, and an upper surface of the second electrically insulating layer      has a second hollow positioned over the trench groove, and the second      electrically insulating layer has a second surface migration smaller than      the first surface migration. 
A method for forming back-end-of-line (BEOL) interconnect structures in      disclosed. The method and resulting structure includes etchback for low-k      dielectric materials. Specifically, a low dielectric constant material is      integrated into a dual or single damascene wiring structure which contains      a dielectric material having relatively high dielectric constant (i.e.,      4.0 or higher). The damascene structure comprises the higher dielectric      constant material immediately adjacent to the metal interconnects, thus      benefiting from the mechanical characteristics of these materials, while      incorporating the lower dielectric constant material in other areas of the      interconnect level. 
Dummy features (64, 65, 48a, 48b) are formed within an interlevel      dielectric layer (36). Passivation layers (32 and 54) are formed by      electroless deposition to protect the underlying conductive regions (44,      48a, 48b and 30) from being penetrated from the air gaps (74). In      addition, the passivation layers (32 and 54) overhang the underlying      conductive regions (44, 48a, 48b and 30), thereby defining dummy features      (65a, 65b and 67) adjacent the conductive regions (48a, 44 and 48b). The      passivation layers (32 and 54) can be formed without additional patterning      steps and help minimize misaligned vias from puncturing air gaps. 
A capacitor formed by a person using only two deposition steps and a      dielectric formed by oxidizing a metal layer in an electrolytic solution.      The capacitor has first and second conductive plates and a dielectric is      formed from the first conductive plate. 
A method for fabricating a capacitor on a semiconductor substrate is      disclosed. The method may include simultaneously forming at least one via      and at least one upper capacitor plate opening in a first dielectric layer      having an underlying cap dielectric layer deposited over a first material      region having a first conductive material within a conductive region and      forming a trench above the via. The method may also include filling the      via, trench, and upper capacitor plate opening with a second conductive      material resulting in an integrated circuit structure and employing CMP to      remove any excess second conductive material from the integrated circuit      structure. 
An apparatus operable in a wet environment for detecting the presence or      absence of water in a non-conductive vessel, by measuring changes in      dielectric constant and detecting the temperature of water in same vessel.      A conductive element coupled to a sensing and switching means, transmits      data to the controller, resulting from a change of dielectric constant at      the conductive element. A temperature sensor detects and transmits      temperature signals to the controller. A controller means receives data,      from the dielectric constant sensor means and temperature data from the      temperature sensor. Includes a coupling means which transmits data from      the controller to an external device. The isolation means electrically      isolates the conductive element and temperature sensor means from the      water contained in a non-conductive vessel. 
A circuit board for a liquid discharging apparatus in which coating      performance of a protective layer and a cavitation resistive film on a      heat generating element is excellent and durability is excellent and a      manufacturing method of such a circuit board are provided. A surface      portion of a wiring material layer is processed so that an etching speed      of the surface portion is made higher than that of the material forming      the wiring material layer. It is desirable to execute a process for      forming at least one selected from a fluoride, a chloride, and a nitride      of the material forming the wiring material layer into the surface portion      of the wiring material layer. 
A method for fabricating a bipolar transistor includes forming a first      region of a first conductivity type in a semiconductor structure to form a      collector region and forming a second region of a second conductivity type      in the first region to form a base region. A first mask is applied      including an opening defining an emitter region of the bipolar transistor.      The method further includes a triple implantation process using the first      mask. Thus, a third region of the first conductivity type is formed in the      first region and overlaid the second region. A fourth region of the second      conductivity type is formed in the second region and is more heavily doped      than the second region. A fifth region of the first conductivity type is      formed in the second region and above the fourth region. The fifth region      forms the emitter region of the bipolar transistor. 
The semiconductor device comprises a first semiconductor layer 14 formed on      a semiconductor substrate 10; an outgoing base electrode 26 formed on the      first semiconductor layer 14; a base layer 32 formed on the first      semiconductor layer, connected to the outgoing base electrode at a side      surface of the outgoing base electrode, and formed of silicon germanium      containing carbon; and a second semiconductor layer 36 formed on the base      layer. The base layer 32 of silicon germanium contains carbon, which      prevents the action of interstitial silicon atoms, which are very      influential to diffusion of boron. As a result, when the emitter layer 36,      etc. are subjected to heat processing at, e.g., about 950.degree. C., the      diffusion of boron out of the base layer 32 can be prevented. 
High-voltage bipolar transistors (30, 60) in silicon-on-insulator (SOI)      integrated circuits are disclosed. In one disclosed embodiment, an      collector region (28) is formed in epitaxial silicon (24, 25) disposed      over a buried insulator layer (22). A base region (32) and emitter (36)      are disposed over the collector region (28). Buried collector region (31)      are disposed in the epitaxial silicon (24) away from the base region (32).      The transistor may be arranged in a rectangular fashion, as conventional,      or alternatively by forming an annular buried collector region (31).      According to another disclosed embodiment, a high voltage transistor (60)      includes a central isolation structure (62), so that the base region (65)      and emitter region (66) are ring-shaped to provide improved performance. A      process for fabricating the high voltage transistor (30, 60)      simultaneously with a high performance transistor (40) is also disclosed. 
A method for reducing line edge roughness (LER) of a semiconductor gate      structure includes patterning a photoresist layer formed over an oxide      hardmask layer. The photoresist layer is etched so as to transfer a      photoresist pattern to the oxide hardmask layer, the photoresist pattern      having an initial LER. The exposed surfaces of the oxide hardmask are      etched with a chemical oxide removal (COR) so as to form a reaction      product on the exposed surfaces, wherein concave portions of the exposed      surfaces are etched at a reduced rate with respect to convex portions of      the exposed surfaces. 
A method for fabricating a high-voltage transistor with an extended drain      region includes forming an epitaxial layer on a substrate, the epitaxal      layer and the substrate being of a first conductivity type; then etching      the epitaxial layer to form a pair of spaced-apart trenches that define      first and second sidewall portions of the epitaxial layer. A dielectric      layer is formed that partially fills each of the trenches, covering the      first and second sidewall portions. The remaining portions of the trenches      are then filled with a conductive material to form first and second field      plate members that are insulated from the substrate and the epitaxial      layer. It is emphasized that this abstract is provided to comply with the      rules requiring an abstract that will allow a searcher or other reader to      quickly ascertain the subject matter of the technical disclosure. It is      submitted with the understanding that it will not be used o interpret or      limit the scope or meaning of the claims. 37 CFR 1.72(b). 
A fabrication method for a silicon nitride read only memory includes      sequentially forming a tunneling oxide layer and a charge capture layer on      a substrate. An isolation region is formed in the charge capture layer to      partition the charge capture layer into a plurality of charge capture      blocks. A stacked dielectric layer is then formed on the charge capture      layer and the isolation region. Thereafter, the stacked dielectric layer      and the charge capture layer are patterned to expose regions of the      substrate for forming bit lines, followed by forming a field oxide layer      and a control gate. A step of threshold voltage adjustment is subsequently      performed such that the channel regions under the charge capture blocks      are implanted to adjust the threshold voltages thereof 
The invention proposes to simplify fabrication of the twin MONOS memory      array. The twin MONOS memory array can be embedded into a standard CMOS      circuit by the process of the present invention by adding only three      additional mask levels. Conventional floating gate devices need ten or      more extra masks. In the present invention, the unique twin MONOS process      steps can be inserted into the standard CMOS process flow without any      parameter modifications. The present invention also achieves increased      endurance by means of reducing the widths of the sidewall control gate and      underlying nitride storage region. 
A flash memory with a self-aligned spilt gate and the methods for      fabricating and operating the same are described. The flash cell consists      of a substrate having a deep n-type well and a shallow p-type well in the      deep n-type well therein, a control gate structure on the gate oxide layer      located on the p-type shallow well, a floating gate on one sidewall of the      control gate and over the substrate, a tunnel oxide layer between the      control gate and the floating gate and between the floating gate and the      substrate, a drain and a common source disposed beneath each side of the      control gate in the substrate, wherein the depth of the drain and the      common source are larger than the depth of the shallow p-type well, a      pocket p-type well in the substrate around the drain and electrically      connecting with the shallow p-type well. 
A floating gate of a nonvolatile memory cell is formed from two conductive      layers (410.1, 410.2). A dielectric (210) in substrate isolation regions      and the first of the two conductive layers providing the floating gates      (410.1) are formed so that the dielectric has an exposed sidewall. At      least the top portion of the sidewall is exposed. Then some of the      dielectric is removed from the exposed portions of the dielectric      sidewalls to laterally recess the sidewalls. Then the second conductive      layer (410.2) for the floating gates is formed. The recessed sidewalls of      the dielectric allow the second conductive layer to expand laterally, thus      increasing the capacitive coupling between the floating and control gates      and improving the gate coupling ratio. 

Tension alert device is used with a load secured to a vehicle load bed,      which has a securing belt having a connector portion and an attachment      link. The device includes a connector sleeve, with an axial bore and a      sleeve end portion, which is connected to the link. A first contacter      connects to an inner end portion of the sleeve and faces into the axial      bore. A second contacter slides in the bore along a restricted path of      travel and has a second load bed connector. The second contacter faces the      first contacter and is urged away from it when the belt has a first      tension threshold value. The first contacter has an electrical signal      generator for producing an electrical signal, which is activated when the      second contacter is biased against it when the belt attains a second      threshold tension value. 
A method for fabricating a semiconductor device includes preparing a      semiconductor substrate having a contact pad; forming a first insulating      film having a storage node contact exposing the contact pad and having a      stack structure of an upper interlayer insulating film, a bottom      interlayer insulating film, and an etching stopper between the upper and      bottom interlayer insulating layers that protrudes into the storage node      contact; forming a first conductive film for a storage node on the      substrate; forming a second insulating film where a portion of a surface      corresponding to the storage node contact is recessed; forming an etching      mask layer on the recessed portion of the second insulating film; etching      the second insulating film using the etching mask layer; forming a second      conductive film for a storage node on the substrate; etching the first and      second conductive films to isolate nodes; and removing the etching mask      layer, the second insulating film and the upper interlayer insulating      film. 
A method of manufacturing a semiconductor device includes forming a first      interlayer insulation film on a semiconductor substrate, depositing a      first metal film on the first interlayer insulation film, depositing an      antireflection film including a dielectric layer on an upper surface of      the first metal film, patterning the first metal film and the      antireflection film to form a lower electrode having the antireflection      film on an upper surface thereof, forming a second interlayer insulation      film on the antireflection film, forming first and second openings in a      first region and in a second region in the second interlayer insulation      film, respectively, removing a portion of the antireflection film where      the second opening is formed, depositing a second metal film on the second      interlayer insulation film, and removing the second metal film except in      the first and second openings to form an upper electrode in the first      opening, and a contact in the second opening. 
An area-efficient stack capacitor for use in an integrated circuit      comprises, in one embodiment, a layer of elemental platinum (Pt) as a      bottom electrode, a layer of hemispherical grained poly Si on top of the      Pt bottom electrode, a second layer of Pt deposited over the layer of      hemispherical grained poly Si, a layer of dielectric deposited over the      second layer of Pt, and a third layer of Pt deposited over the dielectric      layer, where the third layer of Pt acts as upper electrode. 
Disclosed is a capacitor construction for a more uniformly thick capacitor      dielectric layer, and a method for fabricating the same. The method has      special utility where the bottom electrode comprises composite layers over      which the capacitor dielectric demonstrates differential growth during      deposition. Exposed portions of an underlying first electrode layer, are      covered either by a conductive or dielectric spacer, or by a dielectric      padding. For the preferred embodiments, in which the bottom electrode      comprises titanium carbonitride over rough polysilicon, a dielectric      padding may be formed during a rapid thermal nitridation step, which      causes silicon nitride to grow out of an exposed polysilicon sidewall.      Alternatively, a sidewall spacer may be formed by deposition an additional      layer of titanium nitride over the original titanim nitride strap, and      performing a spacer etch. 
A method and apparatus are described which provide a memory device with      sense amplifiers extending in a first direction and corresponding digit      lines extending in a second direction perpendicular to the first      direction. A pair of complementary digit lines may originate from      different memory sub-arrays. The arrangement is particular useful for      memory arrays having 6F**2 feature size. 
Embodiments include a semiconductor device and a method for manufacturing      the same, which simplify the manufacturing steps and provide split gate      type non-volatile memory transistors and other device elements mounted on      the same chip. In one method, the step of forming the lower electrode of a      capacitor 540 and the step of forming a floating gate 40 of a memory      transistor 400 are conducted in different steps. As a result,      characteristics of the floating gate 40 and characteristics of the lower      electrode 54 can be independently optimized. On the other hand, the step      of forming a control gate 36 of the memory transistor 400 and the step of      forming an upper electrode 58 of the capacitor 540 are conducted in the      same step. As a result, the manufacturing process is simplified. 
A semiconductor memory is fabricated with a vertical transistor situated in      an upper section of a trench above a trench capacitor. First, an auxiliary      insulation layer is applied to the conductive material of an inner      electrode or to a connecting material of the trench capacitor. The      connecting material is situated on the inner electrode, so that, during an      epitaxial deposition, semiconductor material grows only on the uncovered      sidewalls in the upper section of the trench. A nitride layer, is      deposited conformally and the residual cavity between the inner electrode      and the epitaxial semiconductor layer is filled with a doped further      conductive material. The nitride layer isolates the epitaxial      semiconductor layer from the further conductive material, so that no      crystal lattice defects can propagate from there into the epitaxial      semiconductor layer. Dopants are outdiffused from the further conductive      material into the epitaxial semiconductor layer to form a doping region. 
A method of forming a buried collar on the sidewall of a trench in a      semiconductor substrate including: (a) providing the trench in the      semiconductor substrate, the trench having a first dielectric layer formed      on a sidewall in a upper region of the trench and a conductive material      filling a lower region of the trench, the conductive material covering a      lower portion of the first dielectric layer; (b) removing the first      dielectric layer not covered by the conductive material; (c) forming a      second dielectric layer on the exposed sidewall of the upper region and on      a top surface of the conductive material; (d) removing an uppermost      portion of the second dielectric layer from the sidewall in the upper      region; (e) forming a third dielectric layer on the exposed sidewall of      the upper region; and (f) increasing the thickness of the second      dielectric layer to form the buried collar. 
A semiconductor memory device has access transistors with a gate and a pair      of impurity diffusion layers formed on a semiconductor substrate and      memory capacitors with a storage node electrode and a cell plate      electrode. The electrodes are connected to each other via a capacitive      insulating layer made of a ferroelectric material. The storage node      electrode has a surface covered with the capacitive insulating layer and      is formed in a shape of column on one of the pair of impurity diffusion      layers in a hole formed from an inter-layer insulating film covering the      access transistor to the one of the pair of impurity diffusion layers. A      upper surface of the column does not exceed the inter-layer insulating      film. The storage node electrode formed in the hole face the cell plate      electrode via the inter-layer insulating film. 
A semiconductor (10) has an active device, such as a transistor, with a      directly underlying passive device, such as a capacitor (75, 77, 79), that      are connected by a via or conductive region (52) and interconnect (68,      99). The via or conductive region (52) contacts a bottom surface of a      diffusion or source region (22) of the transistor and contacts a first      (75) of the capacitor electrodes. A laterally positioned vertical via (32,      54, 68) and interconnect (99) contacts a second (79) of the capacitor      electrodes. A metal interconnect or conductive material (68) may be used      as a power plane that saves circuit area by implementing the power plane      underneath the transistor rather than adjacent the transistor. 
A device for initiating an opening and locking procedure of a motor      vehicle. The device includes a first proximity sensor which generates an      unlocking intent signal for initiating an opening procedure of a closing      system of a vehicle when a user approaches the first proximity sensor. A      second proximity sensor is also provided, generating a locking intent      signal for initiating a locking procedure of the closing system of the      vehicle when a user approaches the second proximity sensor. 
A scrubbing controller used with a DRAM stores data in an error correcting      code format. The system then uses a memory control state machine and      associated timer to periodically cause the DRAM to read the error      correcting codes. An ECC generator/checker in the scrubbing controller      then detects any errors in the read error correcting codes, and generates      corrected error correcting codes that are written to the DRAM. This      scrubbing procedure, by reading error correcting codes from the DRAM,      inherently refreshes memory cells in the DRAM. The error correcting codes      are read at rate that may allow data errors to be generated, but these      errors are corrected in the memory scrubbing procedure. However, the low      rate at which the error correcting codes are read results in a substantial      power saving compared to refreshing the memory cells at a higher rate      needed to ensure that no data errors are generated. 
A method of forming a contact hole of a semiconductor device that is able      to prevent excessive etching of an interlayer dielectric pattern includes      forming a gate pattern including a first insulation layer pattern, a      conductive layer pattern, a capping insulation layer pattern, and a second      insulation layer pattern on a substrate; forming a spacer using an      insulating material on a sidewall of the gate pattern; forming an      interlayer dielectric on the substrate on which the gate pattern and the      spacer are formed; forming a contact hole and an interlayer dielectric      pattern for exposing the substrate by etching the interlayer dielectric;      forming a liner spacer on a sidewall of the spacer and the interlayer      dielectric pattern; and cleaning the resultant structure using a cleaning      solution. The cleaning solution preferably includes includes ozone water      and hydrogen fluoride (HF). 
A method and apparatus to form a high-concentration, indium-fluorine      retrograde well within a substrate. The indium-fluorine retrograde well      includes an indium concentration greater than about 3E18/cm3. 
A plurality of p-wells and n-wells are formed in a front side of a bulk      material, and a plurality of n layers and p layers are alternately formed      within the bulk material between a back side of the bulk material and the      plurality of n-wells and p-wells. The plurality of n layers are      electrically isolated from one another and respectively route different      potentials to selected ones of the plurality of n-wells, and likewise, the      plurality of p layers are electrically isolated from one another and      respectively route different potentials to selected ones of the plurality      of p-wells. 
A semiconductor device includes a gate insulating film formed on a silicon      substrate, a gate electrode formed on the gate insulating film, and an      electrical insulating film formed on the gate electrode. The electrical      insulating film includes a N--H bond and substantially no Si--H bond. The      electrical insulating film is formed by using tetrachlorosilane      (SiCl.sub.4) that contains no hydrogen (H) as a source gas for a silicon      nitride film. Thus, the semiconductor device can suppress residual      hydrogen in the gate insulating film and prevent interface defects of the      gate insulating film, a shift in the threshold voltage of a transistor,      and the degradation of an on-state current. A method for manufacturing the      semiconductor device also is provided. 
The present invention discloses semiconductor device which comprises a      metal gate electrode surrounded by polysilicon layers and a gate      insulating film whose edges are thicker than the center portion formed      according to a reoxidation process using a thermal process before the      formation of an ion implantation region in a process for forming the metal      gate electrode using a replacement process and method for manufacturing      the same. 
A method is provided for forming a self-aligned, selectively etched, double      recess high electron mobility transistor. The method includes providing a      semiconductor structure having a III-V substrate; a first relatively wide      band gap layer, a channel layer, a second relatively wide band gap      Schottky layer, an etch stop layer; a III-V third wide band gap layer on      etch stop layer; and an ohmic contact layer on the third relatively wide      band gap layer. A mask is provided having a gate contact aperture to      expose a gate region of the ohmic contact layer. A first wet chemical etch      is brought into contact with portions of the ohmic contact layer exposed      by the gate contact aperture. The first wet chemical selectively removes      exposed portions of the ohmic contact layer and underlying portions of the      third relatively wide band gap layer. The etch stop layer inhibits the      first wet chemical etch from removing portions of such etch stop layer.      Next, a second wet chemical etch is brought into contact with structure      etched by the first wet chemical etch. The second wet chemical etch      selectively removes exposed portions of the ohmic contact layer while      leaving substantially un-etched exposed portions of the third relatively      wide band gap layer, the Schottky contact layer and the etch stop layer.      The etch stop layer is removed. A metal layer is deposited over the mask      and through gate aperture therein onto, and in Schottky contact with, the      Schottky contact layer. 
This invention improves TFT characteristics by making an interface between      an active layer, especially a region forming a channel formation region      and an insulating film excellent, and provides a semiconductor device      provided with a semiconductor circuit made of a semiconductor element      having uniform characteristics and a method of fabricating the same. In      order to achieve the object, a gate wiring line is formed on a substrate      or an under film, a gate insulating film, an initial semiconductor film,      and an insulating film are formed into a laminate without exposing them to      the atmosphere, and after the initial semiconductor film is crystallized      by irradiation of infrared light or ultraviolet light (laser light)      through the insulating film, patterning is carried out to obtain an active      layer and a protection film each having a desired shape, and then, a      resist mask is used to fabricate the semiconductor device provided with an      LDD structure. 
A structure and process for making a non-aligned MOSFET structure for ESD      protection using resistor wells as the diffusions and adjustable      capacitors. The present invention compensates the shallow extension region      without the need for additional masks. The source/drain doping is less      than that of a normal MOSFET but extends deeper into the silicon since the      present invention uses a resistor well as the source/drain. The deeper      emitter/collector increases the second trigger current of the NFET when      used as an ESD protection device. 
A method for forming a polysilicon FinFET (10) or other thin film      transistor structure includes forming an insulative layer (12) over a      semiconductor substrate (14). An amorphous silicon layer (32) forms over      the insulative layer (12). A silicon germanium seed layer (44) forms in      association with the amorphous silicon layer (32) for controlling silicon      grain growth. The polysilicon layer arises from annealing the amorphous      silicon layer (32). During the annealing step, silicon germanium seed      layer (44), together with silicon germanium layer (34), catalyzes silicon      recrystallization to promote growing larger crystalline grains, as well as      fewer grain boundaries within the resulting polysilicon layer. Source      (16), drain (18), and channel (20) regions are formed within the      polysilicon layer. A double-gated region (24) forms in association with      source (16), drain (18), and channel (20) to produce polysilicon FinFET      (10). 
A side mirror retracting vehicle alarm system for automatically retracting      side mirrors of a vehicle while the alarm system is activated includes a      vehicle having a side mirror and a side mirror retraction assembly. A      vehicle alarm assembly is operationally associated with the vehicle for      inhibiting theft of the vehicle. The vehicle alarm assembly includes an      activation mechanism for selectively activating the vehicle alarm assembly      to a ready state. The mirror retraction assembly is operationally coupled      to the activation mechanism of the vehicle alarm assembly such that      activation of the vehicle alarm assembly retracts the side mirror. In an      embodiment, extension of the side mirror is achieved only by authorized      deactivation of the vehicle alarm assembly. 
An N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1) has a bottom surface and an upper      surface which are opposed to each other. In the bottom surface of the      N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1), a P-type impurity diffusion layer (3)      of high concentration is entirely formed by diffusing a P-type impurity.      In the upper surface of the N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1), a P-type      isolation region (2) is partially formed by diffusing a P-type impurity.      The P-type isolation region (2) has a bottom surface reaching an upper      surface of the P-type impurity diffusion layer (3). As viewed from the      upper surface side of the N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1), the P-type      isolation region (2) is formed, surrounding an N.sup.- region (1a) which      is part of the N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1). The N.sup.- region      (1a) surrounded by the P-type isolation region (2) is defined as an      element formation region of the N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1). Thus      obtained are a semiconductor device and a method of manufacturing the      same, and a semiconductor substrate and a method of manufacturing the      same, which make it possible to retain bidirectional breakdown voltages      and ensure high reliability. 
In a semiconductor integrated circuit device having a system-on-chip      structure in which a DRAM and a logic integrated circuit are mixedly      mounted on a chip, a silicide layer is formed on the surfaces of the      source and the drain of a MISFET of a direct peripheral circuit of the      DRAM, the surfaces of the source and the drain of a MISFET of an indirect      peripheral circuit of the DRAM, and the surfaces of the source and the      drain of a MISFET of the logic integrated circuit, and the silicide layer      is not formed on the surfaces of the source and the drain of a memory cell      selective MISFET of the memory cell of the DRAM. 
A method and apparatus for reducing or eliminating the formation of air      pockets or voids in a flowable material provided in contact with at least      one substrate. The flowable material is provided in a non-horizontal      direction and flows from a lower portion to an upper portion. As a result,      the flowable material is provided uniformly with a single, uniform flow      front due to gravity acting thereon and gravity thereby substantially      preventing voids and air pockets from forming in the flowable material. In      one embodiment, the at least one substrate is provided in the cavity of a      transfer mold in which the cavity is filled from a gate at a lower portion      of the cavity to a vent at an upper portion of the cavity. In another      embodiment, a bumped semiconductor device is attached to a substrate      having a gap therebetween, in which the gap is oriented longitudinally      perpendicular to a horizontal plane so that the flowable material may fill      the gap in a vertical direction. 
A clad plate for forming an interposer for a semiconductor device which can      be manufactured at low cost and has good characteristics, an interposer      for a semiconductor device, and a method of manufacturing them. Copper      foil materials (19, 24, 33) forming conductive layers (10, 17, 18) and      nickel plating (20, 21) forming etching stopper layers (11, 12) are formed      and pressed to form a clad plate (34) for forming an interposer for a      semiconductor device. Thus, a clad plate (34) for forming an interposer      for a semiconductor device is manufactured. The clad plate (34) is      selectively etched to form a columnar conductor (17), and an insulating      layer (13) is formed on the copper foil material forming a wiring layer      (10). A bump (18) for connection of a semiconductor chip and the wiring      layer (10) are formed on the opposite side to the side on which the      columnar conductor (17) is formed. Thus, an interposer for a semiconductor      device is manufactured. 
A bump is formed on at least one of a semiconductor chip and printed      circuit board. A sealing material is applied to the surface of one of the      semiconductor chip and printed circuit board. The printed circuit board is      flip-chip-connected to the semiconductor chip via the sealing material      while ultrasonic waves are applied to the printed circuit board to promote      bonding by the bump. 
A method of manufacturing a semiconductor device comprises a step of      preparing a substrate in which a plurality of electrode members are      individually placed on one main surface thereof in separated form, a step      of placing a semiconductor chip on the one main surface of the substrate      and electrically connecting a plurality of electrodes formed on one main      surface of the semiconductor chip and the plurality of electrode members      respectively, a step of forming a resin encapsulater for sealing the      semiconductor chip and the plurality of electrode members on the one main      surface of the substrate, and a step of separating the semiconductor chip      and the plurality of electrode members from the substrate together with      the resin encapsulater. 
A substrate with stacked vias and fine circuits and a method for      fabricating the substrate are proposed. A core layer is formed with a      metal layer respectively on upper and lower surfaces thereof, and at least      one through hole. A first insulating layer is applied over the metal layer      on the upper surface of the core layer and selectively formed with at      least one first opening for exposing the metal layer. A metal layer is      formed within the first opening, and a second insulating layer is applied      over the first insulating layer and formed with a plurality of second      openings, wherein the metal layer within the first opening is exposed via      at least one second opening. After a conductive layer is applied over the      second insulating layer and within the second openings, a metal layer is      formed within the second openings. Finally, the conductive layer is      removed by micro-etching. 
A method for producing a molded flip chip package is described. According      to one embodiment, an incomplete flip chip package comprising a thin      substrate and a silicon chip is placed in a mold, and a resin is injected      into the mold filling the gap between the surface of the flip chip and the      adjacent substrate, and the resin is cured by maintaining the mold at an      elevated temperature for a predetermined amount of time. 
A semiconductor device having a plurality of semiconductor chips      respectively joined to predetermined positions on a surface of a solid,      and a frame holding the plurality of semiconductor chips in a relative      positional relationship corresponding to joint positions on the surface of      the solid. The solid may be another semiconductor chip or a wiring board.      The plurality of semiconductor chips may be bonded to a surface, opposite      to the surface, of the solid, of the frame. The plurality of semiconductor      chips may be respectively fitted in through holes formed in the frame. 
A control system for an actuator used to actuate a device. A receiver in      the control system receives different transmitter identifiers from      multiple transmitters. A central processor coupled to the receiver uses a      received transmitter identifier as the address of a memory location. If      the control system is set to a write mode when the transmitter identifier      is received, a valid bit is set in the addressed memory location to      indicate that the transmitter identifier is valid. If the control system      is set to read mode when the transmitter identifier is received, the      addressed memory location is examined to determine if a valid bit has been      set. If the valid bit has been set, the central processor transmits a      signal for actuating the device. 
The present invention relates to a flip chip package comprising a chip      assembly, a substrate, and an underfill material. The chip assembly has at      least one chip. Each chips has a plurality of bond pads formed on a bottom      portion of the chip. Each bond pad has a first solder bump formed on the      bond pad. The chips are packaged by molding compound to form the chip      assembly. The chip assembly has a bottom surface exposing a portion of the      first solder bumps. The substrate has a plurality of support pads formed      on a top surface of the substrate. Each support pad has a second solder      bump formed on the support pad. The first solder bumps electrically      connect to the second solder bumps to support the chip assembly by the      substrate. The underfill material fills into a gap between the bottom      surface of the chip assembly and the top surface of the substrate so as to      form the flip chip package. Therefore, when the flip chip package      structure is cut into a piece of flip chip package, the chip will not      break because there is molding compound around the chip. Besides, a logo      or company name is printed on the molding compound, not on the chip      directly, so it will not hurt the chip. According to the invention, the      product yield rate can be improved. 
A semiconductor die and an associated low resistance interconnect located      primarily on the bottom surface of such die is disclosed. This arrangement      provides a flexible packaging structure permitting easy interconnected      with other integrated circuits; in this manner, a number of such circuits      can be stacked to create high circuit density multi-chip modules. A      process for making the device is further disclosed. To preserve structural      integrity of a wafer containing such die during manufacturing, a      through-hole via formed as part of the interconnect is filled with an      inert material during operations associated with subsequent active device      formation on such die. 
A micromachine package includes a micromachine chip having a front surface      and a micromachine area on the front surface. The micromachine package      further includes a substrate having at least one vent extending through      the substrate. A seal layer extends between the front surface of the      micromachine chip and an upper surface of the substrate. The vent extends      to the seal layer directly opposite of a cavity defined by an upper      surface of the seal layer and the front surface of the micromachine chip.      The micromachine area is located within the cavity. 
On a transparent substrate, by use of, for instance, vapor deposition, an      Al film is formed. Subsequently, with a DC-bias applied on a surface of      the Al film, a first zinc oxide thin film is formed by use of a sputtering      method. On a surface of the first zinc oxide thin film, according to an      atmospheric MO-CVD method, a second zinc oxide thin film is formed. When      the second zinc oxide thin film deposited by use of an MO-CVD method is      formed on the first zinc oxide thin film having a-axis orientation, the      second zinc oxide thin film becomes to have the a-axis orientation. Since      the Al thin film, owing to heat during the deposition by use of the MO-CVD      method, is absorbed in the first zinc oxide thin film, the transparency is      improved. As a result, a sample having a ZnO/ZnO/Al/glass structure      becomes high in the transparency as a whole. 
In programmable conductor memory cells, metal ions precipitate out of a      glass electrolyte element in response to an applied electric field in one      direction only, causing a conductive pathway to grow from cathode to      anode. The amount of conductive pathway growth, and therefore the      programming, depends, in part, on the availability of metal ions. It is      important that the metal ions come only from the solid solution of the      memory cell body. If additional metal ions are supplied from other      sources, such as the sidewall edge at the anode interface, the amount of      metal ions may not be directly related to the strength of the electric      field, and the programming will not respond consistently from cell to      cell. The embodiments described herein provide new and novel structures      that block interface diffusion paths for metal ions, leaving diffusion      from the bulk glass electrolyte as the only supply of metal ions for      conductive pathway formation. 
An infrared detector has a window in a cover having a cavity for exposing      detector pixels to incident radiation. The window has an antireflective      element formed within the cavity as a field of posts. The field of post      structures is formed in a cavity by etching the posts in a desired pattern      first, and forming the cavity by a general etch over the whole field      afterward. 
A method of fabricating a solid-state imaging device is provided, which      enables the formation of an anti-reflection film by oxidizing a surface of      a metallic light-shield film without adding additional steps, even though      the metallic light-shield film is composed of not only refractory metal      silicide but also metals, including tungsten and molybdenum. The method      comprises the steps of forming a metallic light-shield film on a light      receiving sensor and a transfer electrode formed on a surface layer of a      wafer, forming an opening on the metallic light-shield film on the light      receiving sensor by etching, forming an interlayer film, and shaping the      interlayer film into a lens shape by heat treatment. An atmosphere of      either one or both of oxygen gas and ozone gas is prepared in a chamber      for forming the interlayer film, and a surface of the metallic      light-shield-film is oxidized before the interlayer film is formed. 
The present invention is directed to manufacturing methods of electrostatic      type MEMS devices. The manufacturing method of the present invention      includes the steps of forming a substrate side electrode on a substrate,      forming a fluid film before or after forming a sacrificial layer, further      forming a beam having a driving side electrode on a planarized surface of      the fluid film, and finally, removing the sacrificial layer. Furthermore,      performing the foregoing method planarizes the surface of a driving side      electrode, reduces fluctuations in the shape of a beam, and improves the      performance and the uniformity of the MEMS device. 
The present invention relates to a silicon pressure sensor that in need of      three strips of piezoresistors on each side and the manufacturing method      thereof; wherein, the impurity concentration of the piezoresistors are      about 10.sup.19-10.sup.20 cm.sup.-3 in order to reduce the influence of      temperature; the lead between the piezoresistors (namely the internal      connection lead) is a highly-doping interconnect (about 10.sup.21      cm.sup.-3) fabricated along the direction with minimum piezoresistance      coefficient; with regard to the connection circuit for connecting the      piezoresistors with the external Wheatstone bridge circuit (namely the      external connection circuit), of which one end near the inner side of the      membrane is also fabricated along the direction with minimum      piezoresistance coefficient, and another end of the lead near the edge of      the membrane is a interconnect that is perpendicular to the diaphragm, and      is connected out to the external circuit; with this structure, the four      resistors of the Whetstone bridge are balanced and symmetrized, thus the      zero offset caused by the variations in resistance of the bridge can be      reduced in order to simplify the signal-processing circuit. 
A method for making a MEMS device comprises forming a plurality of      micromechanical elements on a first substrate; forming circuitry and      electrodes on a second substrate, the first and second substrates      extending in a plane in X and Y directions; aligning the first and second      substrates in the X and Y directions and moving the substrates toward each      other in a Z direction and bonding the first and second substrates with a      gap therebetween in the Z direction to form an assembly; singulating the      assembly into assembly portions; and altering the gap for each assembly      portion. Another embodiment involves aligning the first and second      substrates in the X and Y directions and moving the substrates toward each      other in a Z direction and bonding the first and second substrates with a      gap therebetween in the Z direction to form an assembly; actuating and      testing the micromechanical elements of the assembly; and altering the gap      for each assembly. A further embodiment involves aligning the first and      second substrates in the X and Y directions and moving the substrates      toward each other in a Z direction and bonding the first and second      substrates with a gap therebetween in the Z direction to form an assembly;      wherein the micromechanical elements are actuated while bonding of the      substrates. 
In a method for authenticating a spare key for use with a vehicle in the      absence of the regular key, the spare key is provided with an      identification number that is transmitted to, and checked by, a central      station. The spare key is authenticated by an authorization signal sent      from the central station to the vehicle. 
Active pixel sensors for a high quality imager are fabricated using a      silicon-on-insulator (SOI) process by integrating the photodetectors on      the SOI substrate and forming pixel readout transistors on the SOI      thin-film. The technique can include forming silicon islands on a buried      insulator layer disposed on a silicon substrate and selectively etching      away the buried insulator layer over a region of the substrate to define a      photodetector area. Dopants of a first conductivity type are implanted to      form a signal node in the photodetector area and to form simultaneously      drain/source regions for a first transistor in at least a first one of the      silicon islands. Dopants of a second conductivity type are implanted to      form drain/source regions for a second transistor in at least a second one      of the silicon islands. Isolation rings around the photodetector also can      be formed when dopants of the second conductivity type are implanted.      Interconnections among the transistors and the photodetector are provided      to allow signals sensed by the photodetector to be read out via the      transistors formed on the silicon islands. 
A method of forming an integrated circuit including an organosilicate low      dielectric constant insulating layer (40) formed of a substitution group      depleted silicon oxide, such as an organosilicate glass, is disclosed.      Subsequent plasma processing has been observed to break bonds in such an      insulating layer (40), resulting in molecules at the surface of the film      with dangling bonds. Eventually, the damaged insulating layer (40)      includes silanol molecules, which results in a degraded film. The      disclosed method exposes the damaged insulating layer (40) to a thermally      or plasma activated fluorine, hydrogen, or nitrogen, which reacts with the      damaged molecules to form a passivated surface for the insulating layer      (40). 
A method of dicing a microelectronic device wafer comprising forming at      least one trench in at least one dicing street on the microelectronic      device wafer, wherein the trench prevents cracking and/or delamination      problems in the interconnect layer of the microelectronic device wafers      caused by a subsequent dicing by a wafer saw. 
A method capable of removing dangling bonds generated on a surface of a      photodiode is disclosed herein. The method includes steps of providing a      semiconductor substrate having a light sensing area and removing dangling      bonds at a surface of the light sensing area by diffusing hydrogen ions to      the surface of the light sensing area. 
The invention provides a nanostructure including an anodized film including      nanoholes. The anodized film is formed on a substrate having a surface      including at least one material selected from the group consisting of      semiconductors, noble metals, Mn, Fe, Co, Ni, Cu and carbon. The nanoholes      are cut completely through the anodized film from the surface of the      anodized film to the surface of the substrate. The nanoholes have a first      diameter at the surface of the anodized film and a second diameter at the      surface of the substrate. The nanoholes are characterized in that either a      constriction exists at a location between the surface of the anodized film      and the surface of the substrate, or the second diameter is greater than      the first diameter. 
A test device and method for detecting alignment of deep trench capacitors      and active areas in DRAM devices. A quadrilateral active area is disposed      in the scribe line region, with four equilaterals and four vertex angles.      Parallel first and second deep trench capacitors are disposed in the      quadrilateral active area. The first deep trench capacitor has a first      surface aligned with a second surface of the second deep trench capacitor.      The first and second vertex angles of the four vertex angles have a      diagonal line essentially perpendicular to the first and second surfaces.      The first and second vertex angles are a predetermined distance from the      first surface and the second surface respectively. 
Method for determining the location of a droplet of liquid placed on a      surface of a semiconductor wafer. In one embodiment the method includes      establishing first and second reference axes that intersect at a point and      superimposing the point over the droplet on the semiconductor wafer      surface. A first reference coordinate indicative of the position of the      point along the first axis and a second reference coordinate indicative of      the position of the point along the second axis are generated. 
A method for use in removing a portion of a semiconductor chip. The method      comprises etching a backside of the semiconductor chip, the frontside      including a first well with a first type of doping and a second well with      a second type of doping; monitoring a backside of the semiconductor chip      during etching; and determining when a first portion of the backside over      one of the first and second wells differs from a second portion of the      backside over the other of the first and second wells. A method for etch      endpoint detection includes etching a backside of a semiconductor chip,      the semiconductor chip having at least one doped well formed proximate a      frontside of the semiconductor chip; monitoring the backside of the      semiconductor chip during etching until at least one doped well becomes      visible; and stopping etching after the doped well becoming visible. 
A method for controlling stoichiometry of dielectric films, e.g., BST      films, preferably formed at low deposition temperatures. A deposition      process may use an adjustment in oxidizer flow and/or partial pressure,      the provision of a hydrogen-containing component, an adjustment in      hydrogen-containing component flow and/or partial pressure, an adjustment      in deposition pressure, and/or a modification of system component      parameters (e.g., heating a shower head or adjusting a distance between a      shower head of the deposition system and a wafer upon which the film is to      be deposited), to control the characteristics of the dielectric film,      e.g., film stoichiometry. 
Methods and devices are provided for the detection of bacterial agents such      agents as Bacillus anthracis and Clostridium botulinum with high      sensitivity and selectivity. More specifically, methods and devices are      based on a phosphorescence-emission detection system using      chelate-stabilized lanthanides (e.g, Eu(III), Tb(III), and Sm(III)) to      detect various spore-specific small organic molecules (e.g., dipicolinic      acid, diaminopimelic acid, n-acetlymuramic acid, and the like). By careful      selection of the chelating agent or ligand coordinated to the lanthanide,      both high specificity and selectivity can be obtained. Examples of      suitable and preferred sensor systems include      N-(2-hydroxyethyl)ethylenediaminetriacetic acid (HEDTA) and      N-(2-hydroxyethyl)iminodiacetic acid (HEIDA) combined with europium (III)      and/or terbium (III). The chelate-stabilized lanthanides react with the      spore-specific target molecules to form a characteristically      phosphorescent product which can then be detected. 
A laminated plate assembly in which the laminations in a stack are secured      together by means of one or more interlocks or tabs that project from the      uppermost lamination in the assembly through holes or slots in all the      other laminations in the assembly, or around the periphery of the other      laminations in the assembly, with each tab being bent or pressed against      the underside of the bottom lamination in the assembly. This secures all      the laminations in the stack together, much like a staple secures papers      in a stack together, allowing for additional handling and processing of      the laminated plate assembly without concern that the laminated plates in      the stack will become misaligned or even become removed from the stack. 
The present invention is directed to the radioligand compound, [.sup.35      S]-radiolabeled      (+)-N-[1 -(6-cyano-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-2(R)-naphthalenyl)-3,4-dihydro-4(R)-     hydoxyspiro[2H-1-benzopyran-2,4 -piperidin]-6-yl]methanesulfonamide. Also      within the scope of this invention is a method for identifying compounds      that bind to the I.sub.Kr channel, and may have antiarrhythmic activity. 
The invention is directed to purified and isolated novel human IL-1 epsilon      polypeptides, the nucleic acids encoding such polypeptides, processes for      production of recombinant forms of such polypeptides, antibodies generated      against these polypeptides, the use of such polypeptides in cellular and      immune reactions, the use of such polypeptides in screening for agonists      or antagonists of IL-1 epsilon activity, and kits comprising such      polypeptides. 
An analyte detection system utilizing a combination of fluorescent labels      for labeling particles and an analyte specific fluorescent analyte      detection dye. The particles contain a combination of fluorescent labels      for coding the particles and an analyte specific fluorescent dye. The      particles can be used to identify and quantify analytes in an analytical      sample by reaction of the analytical sample with the particles. An      analytical device can identify the particles according to the combination      of fluorescent labels. The device can then correlate the identified      particle with the analyte specific fluorescent analyte detection dye.      Multiple subpopulations of particles can be used to identify and quantify      multi-analytes in a single analytical sample. Near infrared (NIR)      fluorescent labels useful in the detection system are also provided. 
This invention relates to a modulator for use in gas chromatographic      analysis, adopted for alternatively trapping and releasing fractions of      solutes in a length of a capillary column within a chromatographic oven,      characterized in that it comprises at least one nozzle placed to spray at      least one jet in at least one corresponding place along said capillary      column length, said nozzle(s) being connected each to a source of liquid      CO.sub.2 via a related valve, and means for alternatively opening said      valve(s) for a predetermined time, to cause a jet of liquid CO.sub.2 to      impinge for said predetermined time on said column place and to leave the      oven atmosphere to heat said column place after said predetermined time.      The modulator can be used in a conventional GC system or in a two      dimensional GC system, for modulating the analytes fed to the second      capillary column. 
An improved, affordable, and rapid fluid mixture composition or process      monitor based on a thermal microstructure sensor. This is preferably      accomplished with a microbridge sensor design that has reduced      susceptibility to interfering components of the mixture. The sensor      described herein is therefore suitable for monitoring the concentration of      at least one component in a fluid mixture when the fluid mixture consists      of either (1) two components with very different thermal conductivities;      or (2) three or more components wherein at least one component has a very      different thermal conductivity and the effects of the other components can      be largely eliminated, especially if the component of interest is hydrogen      and the interference is from the variability in the concentrations of      CO.sub.2 and H.sub.2 O. 
An irreversible temperature indicating paint comprises 29 wt % to 37 wt %      cobalt zinc silicon blue phenacite and a frit, 35 wt % to 45 wt % acrylic      resin and 20 wt % to 30 wt % silicone resin excluding solvent. The solvent      comprises a mixture of 80% 1-methoxy-2-propanol and 20% dipropylene glycol      monomethyl ether. A particular irreversible temperature indicating paint      comprises 34.9 wt % cobalt zinc silicon blue phenacite and a frit, 42.5 wt      % acrylic resin and 22.6 wt % silicone resin excluding solvent. The      irreversible temperature indicating paint is used to determine the      temperatures to which various parts of turbine blades, turbine vanes or      other components are subjected in operation of a gas turbine engine. 
Site-specific recombinase based methods for making a recombinant adenoviral      genome, as well as kits for practicing the same and the recombinant      adenovirus vectors produced thereby, are provided. In the subject methods,      the subject genomes are prepared from donor and acceptor vectors that each      include at least one site recombinase recognition site, where in certain      preferred embodiments, one of the donor and acceptor vectors includes a      single recombinase recognition site while the other includes two      recombinase recognition sites. The acceptor vector includes an adenoviral      genome having an E region deletion. The donor vector includes an insertion      nucleic acid. In the subject methods, the donor and acceptor vectors are      combined in the presence of a recombinase to produce an adenoviral genome      that includes the insertion nucleic acid. The subject adenoviral genomes      find use in a variety of applications, including as vectors for use in a      variety of applications. 
The invention relates to a culture medium for culturing cells, in      particular human cells in a process for tissue engineering bone. The      medium comprises glucose, a mineral, a vitamin, a growth factor and      L-glutamine, wherein the L-glutamine is present in a concentration of at      least 300 mg/L. 
Antisense compounds, compositions and methods are provided for modulating      the expression of Survivin. The compositions comprise antisense compounds,      particularly antisense oligonucleotides, targeted to nucleic acids      encoding Survivin. Methods of using these compounds for modulation of      Survivin expression and for treatment of diseases associated with      expression of Survivin are provided. 
The subject invention pertains to antibodies that have binding specificity      for an antigen that is expressed on a subset of human, hematopoietic      mononuclear cells, including a hematopoietic stem cell population, but is      not expressed on normal, mature myeloid cells. In one embodiment, a      monoclonal antibody, MG1, is provided. This antibody is useful in methods      of isolating cell suspensions from human blood and marrow that can be      employed in bone marrow transplantation, genetic therapy, and in treating      other diseases of the hematopoietic system. Cell suspensions containing      MG1.sup.+ human hematopoietic cells are also provided, as well as      therapeutic methods employing the cell suspensions. The subject invention      also pertains to the novel antigen recognized by the subject antibodies. 
A planar coil includes a winding of N turns (N is an integer greater than      or equal to 2). Letting r.sub.i (n) be a radius of an inner circumference      of a winding portion at the n.sup.th turn (n is an integer greater than or      equal to 1 and less than or equal to N) from the inner side; r.sub.o (n)      be a radius of an outer circumference of the same; r.sub.min be a radius      of an inner circumference of the innermost winding portion; W.sub.total be      a difference between a radius of an outer circumference of the outermost      winding portion and the radius of the inner circumference of the innermost      winding portion; and D be a distance between winding portions at adjacent      turns, the r.sub.i (n) and r.sub.o (n) are determined so as to minimize a      value of A expressed by equation (1) when the r.sub.min, W.sub.totla and D      are given.        EQU1   
The invention provides methods and compositions for inducing and      maintaining tolerance to epitopes or antigens containing the epitopes. The      compositions include expression cassettes and vectors including DNA      sequences coding for a fusion immunoglobulin operably linked to      transcriptional and translational control regions functional in a      hemopoietic or lymphoid cell. The fusion immunoglobulin includes at least      one heterologous tolerogenic epitope at the N-terminus variable region of      the immunoglobulin. Cells stably transformed with the expression vector      are formed and used to produce fusion immunoglobulin. The invention also      provides methods for screening for novel tolerogenic epitopes and for      inducing and maintaining tolerance. The methods of the invention are      useful in the diagnosis and treatment of autoimmune or allergic immune      responses. 
The present invention provides a retroviral vector containing an      iduronate-2-sulfatase (IDS) gene but without selective marker gene,      constructed on, as a backbone, a minimum sized MLV-based retroviral vector      which does not contain any viral coding sequences but can still produce a      high viral titer and drive a high level of gene expression. 
Disclosed is an HSV-1-derived vector containing a DNA having a functional      LAT promoter, or operative fragment thereof, a deletion in both copies of      the HSV-1 LAT gene, and a deletion in both copies of the HSV-1 ICP34.5      gene. The HSV-1-derived vectors are non-neurovirulent and do not      spontaneously reactivate from latency, and they optionally contain a      functional HSV thymidine kinase gene, which can enhance the effectiveness      against cancer of drug treatment with gancyclovir or acyclovir.      Alternatively, the HSV-1-derived vectors contain at least one      transcriptional unit of a LAT promoter sequence operatively linked to a      nucleic acid encoding a preselected protein. In some embodiments, the      preselected protein is a nucleotide sequence encoding a polypeptide toxic      for cells expressing the vector, for example, human interferon-.gamma..      Also, disclosed are kits for expressing in a mammalian cell a gene      encoding a preselected protein, and mammalian cells containing the      HSV-derived vectors. 
A device for transferring cells present in fluid media is provided which is      especially useful for in vitro fertilization techniques and      intracytoplasmic sperm injection procedures. 
A method of enzymatic degradation of hydrolyzed nerve agents GB, GD, GF, VX      and O-isobutyl S-(diethyl-aminoethyl) methylphosphonothioate into      biodegradable methylphosphonate products using enzymes from bacteria that      can use for growth as the sole phosphorus source, low concentrations of      ethyl-isopropyl-, and pinacolyl methylphosphonates (EMPn, IMPn, and      PMPn-alkali treatment products of VX, GB, and GD, respectively). 
This invention relates to an isolated nucleic acid fragment encoding a      tetrahydrofolate metabolism enzyme. The invention also relates to the      construction of a chimeric gene encoding all or a portion of the      tetrahydrofolate metabolism enzyme, in sense or antisense orientation,      wherein expression of the chimeric gene results in production of altered      levels of the tetrahydrofolate metabolism enzyme in a transformed host      cell. 
Novel human polynucleotide and polypeptide sequences are disclosed that can      be used in therapeutic, diagnostic, and pharmacogenomic applications. 
A human urocortin-related peptide with significant sequence homology to the      CRF neuropeptide family was identified. A mouse cDNA was isolated from      whole brain poly (A+) RNA that encodes a predicted 38 amino acid peptide      protein designated herein as urocortin II. Both human URP and mouse Ucn II      are structurally related to the other known mammalian family members, CRF      and urocortin (Ucn). These peptides are involved in the regulation of the      hypothalamic-pituituary-adrenal axis under basal and stress conditions,      suggesting a similar role for URP and Ucn II. Synthesized Ucn-II and URP      peptide binds with higher affinity to CRF-R2 than to CRF-R1 Ucn II and      human URP appear to be involved in the regulation of body temperature and      appetite and may play a role in other stress related phenomenon. These      findings identify Ucn II and human URP as a new members of the CRF family      of neuropeptides, which are expressed centrally and bind to CRF-R2. 
The present application relates to nucleotide sequences which regulate the      biosynthesis of the flagella proteins Helicobacter pylori, to the proteins      encoded by these sequences and to aflagellate bacterial strains. The      invention also relates to the use of these means for detecting an      infection due to H.pylori or for protecting against such an infection. 
The invention relates to a process for separating viruses of different      sizes, with the virus-containing solution preferably being filtered      through one or more filter membranes. 
The invention concerns an inductive transmitter comprising two coils (1,      2), each with one core (3, 4). The two cores (3, 4) are capable of being      moved relative to each other. Two systems are integrated in the      transmitter that make it possible to simultaneously transmit data and/or      energy, as well as the position of the two cores (3, 4) relative to each      other. Finally, the transmission of data and/or energy takes place by      means of induction, and the determination of the position of the two cores      (3, 4) relative to each other takes place via a measurement of the      magnetic field that exists between the two coils (1, 2). 
A winter wheat-derived chitinase cDNA is provided which has a nucleotide      sequence corresponding to an amino acid sequence listed as SEQ. ID. No.1      in FIG. 1. Another winter wheat-derived chitinase cDNA is provided which      has a nucleotide sequence corresponding to an amino acid sequence listed      as SEQ. ID. No.2 in FIG. 2. Further, a winter wheat-derived chitinase cDNA      is provided which has a nucleotide sequence corresponding to an amino acid      sequence listed as SEQ. ID. No.3 in FIG. 3. Moreover, a method is provided      for isolating the above three kinds of chitinase cDNAs. 
A gene encoding a protein which is capable of regenerating luciferin by      acting on oxyluciferin and D-cysteine and thus regenerating luciferin; the      above gene originating in a luminous organism; a protein encoded by the      above gene; and a process for producing a protein capable of regenerating      luciferin characterized by comprising culturing a transformant or a      transductant having the above gene transferred therein and collecting the      protein capable of regenerating luciferin from the culture. Thus, the      protein capable of regenerating luciferin can be efficiently produced,      which brings about a great industrial advantage. 
The present invention relates to a novel methods and compositions for      producing hyper and hypo allergenic compositions. Specifically, the      present invention comprises neutralizing or reducing the ability of      T-cells to recognize epitopes and thus prevent sensitization of an      individual to the protein. Alternatively, T-cell epitopes are mutated to      produce increased immunogenic reactions. Moreover, naturally occuring      proteins are provided. 
The present invention provides a process for the preparation of      antimicrobial compound .beta.-keto aliphatic acid ester, a novel,      aliphatic, fatty acid derivative from Bacillus sp. IICT-001. 
The present invention provides isolated polynucleotides containing a      polynucleotide sequence which is:     a) polynucleotide which is identical to the extent of at least 70% to a      polynucleotide which codes for a polypeptide which comprises the amino      acid sequence of SEQ ID No. 2, or     b) polynucleotide which codes for a polypeptide which comprises an amino      acid sequence which is identical to the extent of at least 70% to the      amino acid sequence of SEQ ID No. 2, or     c) polynucleotide which is complementary to the polynucleotides of a) or      b), or     d) polynucleotide comprising at least 15 successive nucleotides of the      polynucleotide sequence of a), b) or c), and a process for the fermentative preparation of L-amino acids using      coryneform bacteria in which at least the ccpA1 gene is present in      attenuated form, and the use of the polynucleotide sequences as      hybridization probes. 
DNA is produced by preparing oligomers having partial sequences selected      according to a specific scheme based on a target nucleotide sequence, and      performing PCR using two of single strand DNAs base-paired at their 3       ends as primers and templates to prepare DNA, in a specific manner. 
Generic overproduction host cells can be used to produce any polyketide and      obviate the need for performing conventional strain improvement. 
Peptide antigens corresponding to amino acid residues 2-12, 1-12, 2-15 and      1-15 of parathyroid hormone (PTH), antibodies having an affinity to such      peptide antigens and methods of producing the same. Such antigens,      antibodies and methods producing the same according to the present      invention are useful in determining bioactive intact PTH levels in serum,      plasma, and/or cell culture media. Such antibodies further possess a high      degree of species cross-reactivity, but substantially mitigated      cross-reactivity to non-whole PTH peptide fragments and little to no      recognition of the first amino acid residue of PTH. 
Cell membranes containing glycolipid-enriched membrane (GEM) and      non-glycolipid-enriched membrane (non-GEM) domains are targeted using      fusion proteins that are anchored in the cell membrane. Fusion proteins to      target GEM (or non-GEM) domains are comprised of a selected fluorescent      polypeptide, a membrane-targeting sequence of p56.sup.Lck (or      pp60.sup.c-Src for non-GEM domains) and a linker inserted between the      polypeptide and the membrane targeting sequence. Localization of fusion      proteins in GEM and non-GEM domains is assessed using techniques including      confocal microscopy, fluorescence-based techniques, and membrane      fractionation. Using these techniques, compounds are screened for their      effect on GEM and non-GEM domains of live cells. These fusion proteins      therefore represent useful tools for studying subcellular trafficking and      the function of discrete compartments in the plasma membrane. 
Isolated ligands, DNAs encoding such ligands, and pharmaceutical      compositions made therefrom, are disclosed. The isolated ligands can be      used to regulate an immune response. The ligands are also useful in      screening for inhibitors thereof. 
A multiple layer inductor has a first spiral conductive pattern disposed on      a first surface; a second spiral conductive pattern disposed on a second      surface; a continuing interconnection coupled to the first and second      spiral conductive patterns; an interface coupled to the first and second      spiral conductive patterns; and a conductive shield pattern disposed on a      third surface that is adjacent to the second surface. The interface      includes a first terminal disposed on the first surface that is coupled to      the first spiral conductive pattern. The interface also includes a second      terminal that is disposed on the first surface and coupled to said second      spiral conductive pattern. 
The present invention relates to methods and compositions for the      prevention and treatment of cancer, inflammatory diseases and disorders or      deficiencies of the immune system. The methods of the invention comprise      administering a CD40 binding protein that potentiates the binding of CD40      to CD40 ligand. 
Disclosed are methods for producing fusion proteins with the heterodimeric      cytokine, interleukin-12. In order to insure that the proper ratio of      fused and non-fused subunits are obtained in the fusion protein, a      specific stepwise approach to genetic engineering is used. This consists      of first expressing the non-fused p40 IL-12 subunit in a production cell      line, followed by or simultaneously expressing in the same cell, a second      recombinant fusion protein consisting of the fused polypeptide linked by a      peptide bond to the p35 subunit of IL-12. Molecules containing the p35      fusion protein cannot be secreted from the transfected mammalian cell      without first complexing in a one to one ratio with the p40 subunit, thus      ensuring the production of active heterodimeric fusion proteins. 
A KiSS-1 peptide or a salt thereof can be produced in a large scale by      subjecting a fusion protein or peptide in which a KiSS-1 peptide is      ligated to the N-terminal of a protein or peptide having cysteine at the      N-terminal, to the reaction of cleaving the peptide bond on the amino acid      side of the cysteine residue. 
A novel gene (designated PHOR-1) that is highly overdressed in prostate and      other cancers and its encoded protein are described. PHOR-1 is a G      protein-coupled receptor with homology to receptors involved in olfaction.      PHOR-1 in normal human tissues is restricted to prostate, and this gene is      highly over-expressed in prostate cancer as well as in cancers of the      kidney, uterus, cervix, stomach and rectum. Consequently, PHOR-1 provides      a diagnostic and/or therapeutic target for prostate cancer. 
The present invention relates to pullulanase variants, wherein the variants      have improved properties, for example, altered pH optimum, improved      thermostability, altered substrate specificity, increased specific      activity or altered cleavage pattern. The present invention also relates      to methods of making pullulanase variants having at least one altered      property based on the three-dimensional structure of a parent pullulanase. 
isolated coding sequences and to the protein sequences they code for. This      invention is directed to three coding sequence of the BRCA1 gene. The      three coding sequences, BRCA1.sup.(omi1), BRCA1.sup.(omi2), and      BRCA1.sup.(omi3) and their frequencies of occurrence are provided together      with the protein sequences they code for. Another aspect of this invention      is a method of determining the consensus sequence for any gene. Another      aspect of the invention is a method of identifying an individual having an      increased genetic susceptibility to breast or ovarian cancer because they      have inherited a causative mutation in their BRCA1 gene. This invention is      also related to a method of performing gene therapy with any of the      isolated BRCA1 coding sequences. 
The invention provides MurC polypeptides and polynucleotides encoding MurC      polypeptides and methods for producing such polypeptides by recombinant      techniques. Also provided are methods for utilizing MurC polypeptides to      screen for antibacterial compounds. 
A process is provided for the production of an antibody or a fragment or      functionalized fragment thereof using a transformed lower eukaryotic host      containing an expressible DNA sequence encoding the antibody or      (functionalized) fragment thereof, wherein the antibody or      (functionalized) fragment thereof is derived from a heavy chain      immunoglobulin of Camelidae and is devoid of light chains, and wherein the      lower eukaryotic host is a mould, preferably belonging to the genera      Aspergillus or Trichoderma, or a yeast, preferably belonging to the yeast      genera Saccharomyces, Kluyveromyces, Hansenula, or Pichia. The heavy chain      fragment can contain at least the whole variable domain. A complementary      determining region (CDR) different from the CDR belonging to the natural      antibody ex Camelidae can be grafted on the framework of the variable      domain of the heavy chain immunoglobulin. The catalytic antibodies can be      raised in Camelidae against transition state molecules. The functionalized      antibody or fragment thereof can comprise a fusion protein of both heavy      chain immunoglobulin from Camelidae or a fragment thereof and another      polypeptide, e.g., an enzyme, preferably an oxido-reductase. Also provided      are new products obtainable by a process as described, and compositions      containing a product produced by a process as described, which composition      may contain a new product as provided. 
Therefore, another aspect of the invention is a method for determining      whether a compound or composition is a regulator of intracellular      glucocorticoid activity in adipose tissue comprising determining whether      said compound or composition inhibits reductase activity of      11-Beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 1 (11-Beta HSD1) in said tissue. 
The present invention relates to compounds that inhibit the activity of the      proteasome or the production of proteasomal proteins and promote the      production of hair follicles and are thus useful in stimulating hair      growth, including hair density, in subject where this is desirable. 
An electrical coil has a coil body, at least one face-end flange of the      coil body, at least one mount for coil wire on the face-end flange, and      one tonguelike insulation displacement contact for contacting the coil      wire in the mount. Two intersecting slots of different depth are embodied      on the mount, and the coil wire rests on the bottom of the slot of lesser      depth, while the tonguelike insulation displacement contact is received in      the slot of greater depth. Since the slot of lesser depth, in the region      of its bottom, has a width which is less than the diameter of the coil      wire, the coil wire is firmly clamped in the mount. The electrical coil is      particularly useful for use in magnet valves. 
A method of determining the coagulation potential of a plasma sample be      pre-incubating the plasma sample with a reagent such that endogenous      protein C in the plasma is at least partially converted into activated      protein C by the reagent, adding factor Xa which is progressively      inactivated by antithrombin III/heparin cofactor 2 during the      preincubation, adding an exogenous reagent which activates factor X to Xa      or prothrombin to thrombin in a factor V-dependent manner, monitoring a      reaction indicative of the rate of coagulation of the plasma sample,      comparing that rate of coagulation control, or the equivalent rate      determined for an individual without impaired coagulation control, or the      equivalent rate determined for the plasma sample in the absence of protein      C activator, and determining the coagulation potential of the plasma      sample from one or other of the compairsons. 
The present invention relates to new CRP immunoassay compositions. The      compositions include a low affinity anti-human CRP monoclonal antibody,      and an antiidiotypic antibody raised against it. The invention further      provides a method for obtaining antiidiotypic monoclonal antibody      populations directed to an antibody that is specific for a high      concentration, high molecular weight target antigen. 
The present invention provides methods for identifying test substances that      bind to the .alpha.2.delta. subunit of a calcium channel. 
Presented is a method to detect precancerous states in mammalian cell and      tissue samples comprising incubating a sample with solubilized 5, 10, 15,      20-tetrakis (carboxyphenyl) porphine (TCPP), measuring TCPP fluorescence      in the sample, and categorizing the sample as non-cancerous, precancerous      or cancerous based on TCPP fluorescence, as correlated with the respective      states of the cells. In conjunction with the method a detection, a novel      and more efficient method of solubilizing TCPP is presented, as well as a      composition comprising TCPP solubilized by this method. 
The present invention provides an accurate method to identify and quantify      the Borrelia burgdorferi (Bb) antigen, the cause of Lyme Disease, in a      sample of whole blood, body tissues and fluids of a subject, a human or      animal subject. The qualitative method provides a quick, easy and accurate      method of detection of the Bb antigen. The quantitative method allows for      monitoring of treatment in conjunction with severity of clinical signs and      symptoms. 
The present invention provides a human lysophospholipase (NHLP) and      polynucleotides which identify and encode NHLP. The invention also      provides expression vectors, host cells, agonists, antibodies and      antagonists. In addition, the invention provides methods for producing      NHLP and for treating or preventing disorders associated with expression      of NHLP. 
Oligonucleotide molecules labeled with a plurality of fluorophores of one      or more types embedded in the backbone of said oligonucleotide, wherein at      least one of said fluorophores is not located at either the 3  or 5       terminus of said oligonucleotide. The invention further provide methods      for using the subject labeled oligonucleotides in detecting biological      molecules, sequencing DNA molecules and particularly generating cDNA      molecules for characterizing the differential expression of genes. 
Methods, compositions and articles of manufacture for assaying a sample for      an amplification product from a target polynucleotide are provided. An      amplification reaction is used to produce the amplification product from      the target polynucleotide so that it can be used to indirectly assay the      sample for the target polynucleotide. A sample suspected of containing the      target polynucleotide is contacted with first and second primers to      amplify the target polynucleotide; the first primer comprises a tag      sequence, the complement of which is formed on the opposite strand during      amplification and is referred to as a capture sequence. That opposite      strand is referred to as a second primer extension product or an      amplification product, and comprises a label. A capture probe is provided      that is conjugated to a substrate and can bind to the capture sequence to      form an amplification product detection complex. Methods of detecting the      amplification product thus produced are also provided, as are      amplification product assay arrays, along with methods of forming the      same. The methods are particularly useful in multiplex settings where a      plurality of target polynucleotides are to be assayed. Kits comprising      reagents for performing such methods are also provided. 
Covalently bound non-polar tags are used to increase the retention times of      double stranded polynucleotides on Matched Ion Polynucleotide      Chromatography (MIPC) columns. In doing so, separations of DNA mixture      components is improved. Additionally, when the non-polar tags are      fluorophores, detection limits are also greatly reduced. Strategically      tagged primers are used in conduction with PCR to produce DNA fragments      having specifically tagged strands. This improves mutation detection by      MIPC in several ways. Separations are improved, detection sensitivity is      enhanced, and non-stoichiometric addition of wild type DNA prior to      hybridization is now possible since only tagged fragments will be observed      with a fluorescence detector. Non-polar tags are also used as a novel      alternative to G-C clamping during MIPC under partially denaturing      conditions. Reversible DNA binding dyes, such as DNA intercalator dyes and      DNA groove binding dyes, are used to reduce the detection limit of      polynucleotides separated by MIPC. 
The invention provides human protein transport molecules (PTAM) and      polynucleotides which identify and encode PTAM. The invention also      provides expression vectors, host cells, antibodies, agonists, and      antagonists. The invention also provides methods for diagnosing, treating,      or preventing disorders associated with expression of PTAM. 

An inductor includes a core, a coil disposed about the core, and a shield.      The shield and the core are connected to each other so that a closed      magnetic loop is formed. The core may be a single piece or made up of a      pair of core segments. The shield may include two halves or portions or      may include a cover with a base. The core may be unitary with the shield      at one or both ends thereof. In embodiments where the shield includes two      portions, the portions may have substantially identical geometry and      dimensions. 
The present invention provides a method for diagnosing Bloom s syndrome      (BS) as well as determining whether a subject is a carrier of a mutated      BLM gene. The present invention also provides one or more single-stranded      nucleic acid probes and antibodies which may be formulated in kits, and      used for diagnosing BS or determining whether a human subject is a carrier      of a mutated BLM gene. In addition, the present invention provides a      method for treating or preventing the onset of BS in a subject in need of      such treatment or prevention, as well as vectors and stem cells useful for      such treatment or prevention. The present invention also provides a      purified and isolated nucleic acid encoding an enzymatically active BLM      protein, a vector comprising this nucleic acid, a cell stably transformed      with this vector, as well as a method for producing recombinant,      enzymatically active BLM protein. A purified, enzymatically active BLM      protein is also provided by the present invention. Finally, the present      invention provides a vector, an embryonic stem cell, and a non-human,      transgenic animal, each of which comprises a mutated BLM gene, as well as      a method for producing the non-human, transgenic animal. 
The present invention relates to reporter gene constructs encoding a      cytoplasmic form of chitobiase (N,N -diacetylchitobiase) and methods of      using these reporter gene constructs. The use of a cytoplasmic form of      chitobiase as a reporter enzyme is generally applicable to the study of      gene expression in organisms which do not contain      N-acetyl-.beta.-D-glucosaminidases. 
This invention provides a method for identifying one or more complexes from      a library of complexes, wherein said complex or complexes are selected for      their ability to perform a preselected or desired function on a target      molecule or by having a pre-selected structure, each complex being      designated a morphatide, said method comprising: (a) preparing a library      of morphatides, comprised of: (i) a scaffolding component selected from      the group consisting of nucleic acid, nucleic acid like molecule or      nucleic acid analog having one or more regions of randomized sequence;      (ii) one or more linker components; and (iii) one or more agent molecules      or type of agent molecules, linked to the scaffolding component by one or      more type of linker components; and (b)screening the library of      morphatides prepared in step (a) by contacting, binding, or associating      the morphatides with one or more suitable target molecules upon which a      morphatide performs a preselected or desired function or to which a      morphatide binds or associates through a pre-selected structure of said      morphatide under conditions permitting said morphatide to perform said      preselected or desired function on said target molecules or permitting      said morphatide to bind or associate with said target molecules through      the preselected structure; (c) separating the morphatides performing the      preselected or desired function or binding or associating through the      preselected structure, from the library of morphatides and target      molecules; thereby identifying one or more complexes from a library of      complexes, wherein said complex or complexes are selected for their      ability to perform a preselected or desired function on a target molecule      or by having a pre-selected structure. 
Antigenically reactive regions of the Hepatitis A virus polyprotein are      provided. These antigenically reactive regions, and polypeptides and      proteins comprising these antigenically reactive regions, provide a      sensitive and specific immunological hepatitis A virus detection assay.      The specific use of regions derived from the nonstructural regions of the      polypeptide provides the basis for determining immunity derived from prior      or present infection by the Hepatitis A virus and allows one to      distinguish between an immunological response derived from infection and      that derived from immunization. 
Pharmaceutical compositions comprising the HIV protein vpr or nucleic acid      molecule encoding vpr are disclosed. Also disclosed are methods of      treating patients suffering from diseases characterized by      hyperproliferating undifferentiated cells such as cancer by administering      such compositions. Methods of identifying compounds which have anti-HIV      activity are disclosed, in particular, methods of identifying compounds      which modulate the activity of vpr and of identifying compounds which      inhibit vpr binding to the HIV protein gag. 
Instead of immersing human reproductive cells in a single culture medium      throughout the various procedures used in IVF, a process is provided by      which the reproductive cells may be moved through a sequence of distinct      culture media as the various IVF procedures are carried out. In one      implementation, the culture media specifically formulated to provide a      physical environment similar to that found within the female reproductive      tract and conducive to growth and development of human reproductive cells      during the various stages of the IVF process. In this regard, specifically      formulated culture media can be applied to support the reproductive cells      in one or more of the following procedures: oocyte retrieval and handling;      oocyte maturation; ordinary fertilization; oocyte, zygote and embryo      examination and biopsy; embryonic development to the eight-cell stage;      embryonic development to the blastocyst stage; embryo transfer; and      cryopreservation. 
A method for processing a silver halide color photographic material      comprising subjecting the color photographic material to processing which      comprises the steps of color developing, fixing, rinsing and drying after      the rinsing, wherein a rinsing solution used in the rinsing step comprises      at least one compound represented by the following formula (I) and is a      processing solution comprising none of an aldehyde compound, an aldehyde      releasing compound and a hexamethylenetetramine derivative; and in the      drying step, the drying temperature is 70.degree. C. or more, and the      drying time is 70 seconds or less: wherein R represents an alkyl group having from 8 to 12 carbon atoms, n is      an integer of from 10 to 30, and n/(the carbon number of R) is from 1.2 to      4.0. 
A method of processing photographic color papers is carried out using a      photographic bleach-fixing composition in a bleach-fixing step that is      carried out for less than 60 seconds. The bleach-fixing composition      comprises certain aliphatic or aromatic sulfur-containing compounds that      include a --N.dbd.C(SH)-- group. The bleach-fixing composition can be      prepared from a two-part bleach-fixing kit having two solutions that can      be added directly to a processing chamber or premixed to form a      replenisher solution. 
At least one of a nucleus forming process, a nucleus growing process, a      chemical sensitizing process, and a spectral sensitizing process for      producing a silver halide photographic emulsion is performed by using a      microreactor. A minute region of the microreactor is used to precisely      perform a reaction of nucleus formation. A condition under which host      grains are allowed to react with newly supplied silver halide nuclei is      made uniform to cause uniform crystal growth. A predetermined quantity of      molecules for chemical sensitization is doped in a crystal lattice of a      nucleus of silver halide to effect a sensitizing process. Alternatively, a      spectral sensitizing process in which a single molecular layer of a      spectral sensitizer is uniformly adsorbed on a silver halide nucleus grain      surface is securely carried out. 
A process for producing a spectrally sensitized silver halide photographic      emulsion having high sensitivity. A process for producing a silver halide      photographic emulsion comprising as a sensitizing dye at least one      connection dye having two or more chromophores connected through a      covalent bond, the process comprising adding said connection dye to a      silver halide photographic emulsion and allowing at least one chromophore      out of a plurality of chromophores in the molecule of the connection dye      to change in the adsorption strength to a silver halide grain; and a      process for producing a silver halide photographic emulsion comprising a      silver halide grain having adsorbed on the surface thereof a sensitizing      dye in multiple layers, the process comprising adding one or a plural of      sensitizing dye(s) to said silver halide emulsion and allowing at least      one sensitizing dye out of added sensitizing dyes to change in the      adsorption strength to a silver halide grain. 
A superconductive magnet device comprises a pair of oppositely disposed      superconductive bodies in which annular superconductive coils are      accommodated, and fine chip-shaped ferromagnetic shims disposed on a      surface of the pair of superconductive magnet bodies so as to improve      uniformity of magnetic field in a uniform magnetic field space generated      in the proximity of the center between the superconductive magnet bodies,      wherein ring-shaped ferromagnetic shims are disposed concentrically with      the center of annular superconductive coils on the surface of the      superconductive magnet bodies. 
A method is provided that is suitable fur use in processing a digitally      exposed translucent or transparent display material. The method includes      exposing a translucent or transparent material to light emitted from a      light source. The material contains at least one silver halide having a      silver content of at least about 1 g/m.sup.2 based on the area of the      material. The method also includes contacting the material with a color      developer solution comprising at least one color developing agent and a      compound having the following formula (I):        STR1   in which each of a and b independently represents 1 to 4, and in which each      of X and Y independently represents a hydrogen, sodium or potassium atom.      The duration of the step (b) is from about 60 to about 180 seconds. 
A chemically amplified negative photoresist composition is used for the      formation of thick films having a thickness of 20 to 150 .mu.m and      includes (A) an alkali-soluble resin, (B) a compound which generates an      acid upon irradiation with active light or radiant ray, and (C) a compound      which serves as a crosslinking agent in the presence of an acid. The      alkali-soluble resin (A) includes (a1) a novolak resin having a weight      average molecular weight of from 5000 to 10000, and (a2) a polymer      containing at least a hydroxystyrene constitutional unit and having a      weight average molecular weight of less than or equal to 5000. 
A system and related process to enable control of photolithographic pattern      features on a structure having one or more severe non-flat topologies. The      system includes an analysis of the Depth of Focus associated with      photolithographic equipment and a photoresist film applied to the      structure. From that determination a range of layout dimension of the      topologies is identified accordingly and incorporated into the fabrication      of such topologies. A conformal layer of material is then applied to the      formed structure including the determined topologies to effectively      substantially close up the topologies prior to application of the      photoresist film. The system is suitable for use with any structure having      severe topologies and photolithographic limitations including, for      example, in the fabrication of micro-electro mechanical systems. 
A system and method for forming servo patterns on magnetic media is      disclosed. A magnetic film coated with a layer of polystyrene is stamped      with a nickel stamper reproducing the negative image of the stamped      pattern on the polystyrene. Ions are then accelerated towards the surface      of the polystyrene, which stopps the ions in the areas where the      polystyrene is thick and allows the ions to penetrate through to the      magnetic layer in the areas where the polystyrene is thin. The ions, which      penetrate through to the magnetic layer, interact with the magnetic layer      altering the magnetic layer s structure reducing its coercivity (Hc) and      remnant moment (Mrt). This reproduces the stamped polystyrene pattern on      the magnetic layer. The polystyrene is then removed by oxygen plasma      etching the surface leaving behind a patterned magnetic media. 
Various imaging members including lithographic imaging members (such as      printing plates) have an aqueous-based imaging layer applied to a support.      Directly over the imaging layer is a protective layer that is applied as a      non-aqueous inverse emulsion comprising highly hydrophilic,      water-swellable microgel particles dispersed in a water-immiscible organic      solvent. This protective layer provides physical durability but it is      still readily removed during or after imaging with water or fountain      solutions. 
A chemical amplification, positive resist composition is provided      comprising (A) a photoacid generator and (B) a resin which changes its      solubility in an alkali developer under the action of acid and has      substituents of the formula: C.sub.6 H.sub.11 --(CH.sub.2).sub.n      OCH(CH.sub.2 CH.sub.3)-- wherein C.sub.6 H.sub.11 is cyclohexyl and n=0 or      1. The composition has many advantages including improved focal latitude,      improved resolution, minimized line width variation or shape degradation      even on long-term PED, minimized defect left after coating, development      and stripping, and improved pattern profile after development and is      suited for microfabrication by any lithography, especially deep UV      lithography. 
A composition for an anti-reflective layer capable of simultaneously being      developed together with a photoresist layer after exposure of the      photoresist layer in a photolithography process and a method for forming      patterns in a semiconductor device using the composition, wherein the      anti-reflective light absorbing layer composition includes a polymer      having a (meth)acrylate repeating unit, a light-absorbing group of      diazoquinones chemically bound to the (meth)acrylate repeating unit, a      photoacid generator, a cross-linker which thermally cross-links the      polymer and is decomposed from the polymer by an acid, and a catalyst for      the cross-linking reaction of the polymer. The method for forming patterns      in a semiconductor device involves forming an anti-reflective layer on a      semiconductor substrate using the composition and simultaneously exposing      the anti-reflective layer and a photoresist layer, thereby chemically      transforming the anti-reflective layer so it is able to be developed. The      anti-reflective layer and the photoresist layer are simultaneously      developed. 
A photopolymerizable composition that is cured with visible light or an      infrared laser and is used as a recording layer in a negative planographic      printing plate precursor. The photopolymerizable composition is cured by      exposure and includes (A) a polymerizable compound that is solid at      25.degree. C. and has at least one radical-polymerizable ethylenically      unsaturated double bond in a molecule, (B) a radical polymerization      initiator, (C) a binder polymer and, as required, (D) a compound      generating heat by infrared exposure. 
A continuous crushing method including at least feeding a toner block into      a crusher through a screw feeder thereof having a crushing capacity while      cyclically increasing and decreasing a feeding amount of the toner block;      and crushing the toner block to prepare a toner, in which the feeding      amount of the toner block in the increasing cycle is larger than the      crushing capacity. 
A magnetic device which is highly durable, reliable, and safe without being      damaged when a magnetic filed is applied. The magnetic device includes a      cooling device having a cold head refrigerated by an effect of a cryogenic      refrigerator, a magnetic field generation device configured to apply a      non-stationary magnetic field on a magnetic body, and a cold head      extension portion configured to thermally connect the magnetic body and      the cold head. The cold head extension portion includes at least two      members, one a low resistance member and the other a high resistance      member having different resistivities. With this device, the eddy current      generated in the cold head extension portion and the electromagnetic force      produced in the cold head by the cold head extension portion are reduced. 
A toner for developing an electrostatic image, a process for producing the      same, a developer for developing an electrostatic image and a process for      forming an image are disclosed. The toner contains a resin, a colorant and      a releasing agent, in which the toner has protrusions having a height of      about from 0.05 to 2 .mu.m, a part of the protrusions encompasses the      releasing agent, and a proportion of elements derived from the releasing      agent is about 10% by atom or less based on elements on a surface of the      toner that is quantitatively determined by X-ray photoelectron      spectroscopy. 
A non-magnetic mono-component toner of the present invention comprises, at      least, a plurality of mother particles and a plurality of CCA particles      adhering to the mother particles. The non-magnetic mono-component toner      satisfies a.times.d&lt;2.5, wherein a is the inclination of an      approximation straight line of the CCA particles adhering to the mother      particles, obtained by approximating distribution of particle diameter of      the CCA particles relative to the particle diameter of the mother      particles by the least-square method, and d (.mu.m) is the volume-based      mean particle diameter of the toner. Therefore, the charge on one particle      of the non-magnetic mono-component toner can be efficiently reduced,      thereby allowing lower developing voltage and achieving reduction in      developing hysteresis. 
A black toner comprises a binder resin and black composite particles having      an average particle diameter of 0.005 to 0.30 .mu.m, and comprising:      extender pigments as core particles; a gluing agent-coating layer formed      on surface of the respective core particles; and a black pigment coat      uniformly formed on the gluing agent-coating layer in an amount of 1 to      500 parts by weight based on 100 parts by weight of the extender pigments.      Such a black toner using black composite particles having not only      excellent blackness, fluidity and light resistance, but also an excellent      dispersibility in binder resins, which toner also exhibits excellent      blackness, fluidity and light resistance. 
A new method is provided for the creation of a dummy pattern. A typical      wafer exposure mask contains a Clear Out Window (CLWD) pattern, this CLWD      pattern is of no value during the process of shielding the area on the      surface of the wafer where the alignment mark must be placed. This CLWD      can therefore be used to create a dummy overlay pattern, resulting in a      reduction in the wafer scaling error that typically occurs as a result of      metal deposition. For the same reasons, a dummy overlay pattern can also      be created in the scribe lines of the wafer surface. 
Auxiliary openings are assigned to openings on a mask to be transferred to      a wafer. These auxiliary openings have a phase-shifting property,      preferably between 160.degree. and 200.degree. with respect to the      openings, and a cross section lying below the limiting dimension for the      printing of the projection apparatus, so that the auxiliary openings      themselves are not printed onto the wafer. However, the auxiliary openings      do enhance the contrast of the aerial image, in particular of an      associated, isolated or semi-isolated opening on the wafer. The auxiliary      openings may have a distance from the opening that lies above the      resolution limit of the projection apparatus but that is less than the      coherence length of the light used for the projection. A phase-related      utilization of the optical proximity effect results, which can produce      elliptical structures from square openings on the mask when the auxiliary      openings are disposed in the preferential direction. 
A method for producing a graytone mask capable of satisfying a dimensional      accuracy of a predetermined graytone pattern, on a graytone mask having,      at least in a part, a predetermined graytone pattern. Suppressed to .+-.1%      or less an on-plane distribution in thickness of a resist film to be      applied onto a substrate in a graytone mask producing process. 
A new method of provided for the creation of a rim-type phase-shift mask.      Layers of phase shifter material, chrome and an etch resist mask having an      opening having a first width are created. The layer of chrome is etched,      the etch resist mask is removed. The layer of MoSiON is isotropically      etched using the patterned and etched layer of chrome as a mask, partially      removing the layer of MoSiON from under the chrome mask. A second layer of      etch resist is deposited over the surface of the chrome mask, into the      opening created through the layer of chrome and further over the surface      of the rim of the mask. The second etch resist layer is exposed and      developed, whereby the patterned and etched layer of chrome serves as a      mask, thereby shielding from exposure and therefore leaving in place the      second layer of etch resist where this second layer of photoresist      overlies the rim of the phase shift mask. The remaining second layer of      photoresist forms a protective layer for the layer of MoSiON. The quartz      substrate is etched in accordance with the first width of the opening      created through the second layer of etch resist, the second layer of etch      resist is removed from above the rim surface areas of the phase shift      mask. The patterned and etched layer of chrome is removed. 
A process for fabricating a mask, including depositing a membrane layer on      a substrate, etching a backside of the substrate to form membrane windows,      depositing at least one scattering layer on the membrane layer depositing      a mask layer on the at least one scattering layer exposing the mask layer      corresponding to membrane windows to reveal pattern areas, transferring      the pattern areas in the mask layer to the at least one scattering layer,      transferring at least one of the pattern areas in the at least scattering      layer to the membrane layer to produce a hybrid stencil/continuous      membrane mask. Alternatively, all of the pattern areas in the at least one      scattering layer are transferred to the membrane layer to produce a      stencil mask. 
In the method according to the invention, scatter lines (2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,      8) with a predetermined width are produced, which run at a predetermined      distance from selected edges of mask structure elements (1). These scatter      lines (2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8) produced are inspected with regard to      compliance with a predetermined distance from adjoining edges of mask      structure elements (1) and with regard to compliance with a predetermined      distance from one another. Scatter lines (2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8) which fall      below the predetermined distance are shortened and/or eliminated. 
A pregel composition is added to an organic electrolyte solution of an      electrolyte salt in a nonaqueous solvent for causing the solution to gel      and form a polymer gel electrolyte. The pregel composition is dehydrated      by azeotropic distillation and has a moisture content of not more than      1,000 ppm as determined by Karl Fischer titration. Polymer gel      electrolytes prepared with such a pregel composition have a good      electrochemical stability, and are thus highly suitable for use in      secondary cells and electrical double-layer capacitors. 
A torsion spring for an electro-mechanical switch is presented. The torsion      spring comprises a set of tines including at least one tine extending from      the free end of the armature of a switch. A terminus portion is rotatably      suspended between the tines, and includes a conducting transmission line,      at least a portion of which is exposed for electrical contact. The      conducting transmission line has a length selected such that the exposed      portion of the transmission line forms a circuit between the input and      output of the micro-electro-mechanical switch when the      micro-electro-mechanical switch is urged into a closed position, with the      terminus portion rotating via the tines to form a conformal connection      between the exposed portion of the conducting transmission line and the      input and output of the switch, thus optimizing the electrical flow      therebetween. The switch is also applied to MEMS devices. 
It is an object to provide a high ion conductive solid electrolyte which      uses organic and inorganic complex compound having water absorption and      water resistance and to provide an electrochemical system using the high      ion conductive solid electrolyte. The high ion conductive solid      electrolyte is composed of a complex compound including water that has      zirconic acid compound and polyvinyl alcohol. An aqueous solution in which      zirconium salt or oxyzirconnium salt and polyvinyl alcohol are dissolved      is neutralized by alkali. After removing water used as solvent,      unnecessary salts are removed from the neutralized solution. The high ion      conductive solid electrolyte is obtained which is composed of the complex      compound having zirconic acid compound, polyvinyl alcohol, and water.      Various electrochemical systems are obtained each of which use the high      ion conductive solid electrolyte. 
A tabless battery housed in a sealed package is provided. The packaging      material for the battery comprises a conductive material and a sealing      material. At least a portion of the interior surface of the conductive      material is exposed to form an internal contact between at least one      electrode and the conductive material. At least a portion of the exterior      surface of the conductive material is also exposed to form an external      contact between the electrode and the device. 
This invention is directed to modified thermal galvanic cells for      conversion of heat into useful electrical energy by electrochemical action      using thermal and concentration differences to enhance the power produced      by the cell. The cells of the invention comprise active and inert      electrodes. 
The object of the present invention is to provide a sealed battery that      includes a gas release valve formed on the closure cap by covering a gas      release hole with a thin film that rarely breaks even if the battery is      dropped. For this object, the external casing of the sealed battery      includes a shielding member passing no drop of the electrolyte between the      thin film and the generator element so as to form a gas channel from the      internal space of the external casing to the gas release hole. When the      sealed battery is dropped, electrolyte drops are pushed out of the      generator element at the side opposed to the thin film. The thin film,      however, is prevented from being directly hit by the drops due to the      presence of the shielding member. 
In a battery in which a separator is disposed between a cathode and an      anode, a jelly roll is wound with the separator. The cathode, the anode      and the separator are received in a battery case and surrounded with an      electrolyte, and an opening of the battery case is sealed by a top cap      assembly connected to the cathode. A curved groove is formed on the      battery case as a safety element for preventing the explosion of the      battery due to an increase of internal pressure, the groove being formed      along a line of equal stress on the surface of the battery case. 
The present invention relates to an oxygen electrode for a unitized      regenerative hydrogen-oxygen fuel cell and the unitized regenerative fuel      cell having the oxygen electrode. The oxygen electrode contains components      electrocatalytically active for the evolution of oxygen from water and the      reduction of oxygen to water, and has a structure that supports the flow      of both water and gases between the catalytically active surface and a      flow field or electrode chamber for bulk flow of the fluids. The electrode      has an electrocatalyst layer and a diffusion backing layer interspersed      with hydrophilic and hydrophobic regions. The diffusion backing layer      consists of a metal core having gas diffusion structures bonded to the      metal core. 
A method and apparatus for fuel cell packaging are embodied in a pair of      complementary fuel cell receptacles within which a stack of fuel cells are      housed in a staggered or spiral configuration. The fuel cells are provided      with ports positioned in their corner portions. The fuel cell receptacles      include a plurality of port interfacing surfaces over which the corners of      the fuel cells are positioned, thereby providing direct fluidic interfaces      between the flow field areas of the fuel cells and the receptacles. In a      preferred embodiment, o-rings are employed at the fluidic interfaces      between the fuel cells and the receptacles. The fuel cell receptacles also      include manifolds and a plurality of conduits between the port interfacing      surfaces and the manifolds. In a preferred embodiment, the manifolds vary      in depth along the receptacles such that the conduits are substantially      equal in length. The fuel cell receptacles are detachably secured together      and facilitate the employment of a mechanism for pressing the stack of      fuel cells together to ensure good electrical contacts between adjacent      fuel cells of the stack. 
A monolithic fuel cell is described which is made up of fuel passages and      oxidizer passages, in the form of a monolithic block. The monolith is made      from triplex layers of anode-electrolyte-cathode and a multifunctional      substrate that provides interconnects between triplex layers, provides for      gas diffusion and allows waste products to flow out through it to be      extracted. Additionally, it provides current take-off where desired. The      monolith may be a cube, a rectangular prism or a solid cylinder, made of      layers of different materials with different design patterns. Also      detailed is a low cost, high-speed fabrication method for manufacture of a      monolithic block of fuel cells, using computer-aided design/computer-aided      manufacturing to send instructions to a process management controller. The      controller selects materials and defines their preparation and then sends      these materials to robotic fabrication stations, which are also programmed      by the controller. In this manner, sequential layers of material are      applied to a substrate in a continuous process until a complete      three-dimensional monolithic fuel cell is formed. 
A bipolar plate for use with a fuel cell is provided including an      electrically conductive foam as a coolant layer between thin metal foil      layers. The thin metal foil layers are provided with serpentine flow field      patterns on a surface thereof. 
A circuit configuration provides a simple device that can be used to      monitor the voltage potential between any two points within the fuel cell      coolant system without loading (i.e. decreasing) the voltage being      monitored. The monitoring circuit include a lamp electrically coupled to      the coolant system and arranged in a light-tight package with a      photoresistor. When the ionization voltage for the lamp is reached, a      fully isolated signal is provided in the form of an abrupt resistance      change in the photoresistor. Visual and audible indicators can be coupled      to the monitoring circuit to indicate a coolant contamination condition. 
An object of the present invention is to provide a radio frequency      integrated circuit module that is less susceptible to the electromagnetic      influence and that is not degraded in electric connection. The radio      frequency circuit module of the present invention including circuit      elements mounted on a multi-layer circuit substrate having dielectric      layers is characterized in that an exposed connection portion is provided      by removing a part of the dielectric, and a strip line connected to said      circuit elements and a co-axial line for transmitting a radio frequency      signal from/to said strip line are connected together in a bottom portion      of said exposed connection portion so as to be rectilinear in a three      dimensional way. 
A fuel processor system capable of circulating fuel processor system gases,      such as reformate, anode exhaust, and/or combustor exhaust, through the      fuel processor to provide a number of distinct advantages. The fuel      processor system having a plurality of fuel cells discharging an H.sub.2      -containing anode effluent and an O.sub.2 -containing cathode effluent. A      fuel processor is also provided for converting a hydrogen-containing fuel      to H.sub.2 -containing reformate for fueling the plurality of fuel cells.      A catalytic combustor is positioned in series downstream from the      plurality of fuel cells and a vaporizer reactor is coupled to the      catalytic combustor. A bypass passage is finally provided that      interconnects an outlet of at least one of the group consisting of the      fuel processor, the plurality of fuel cells, the catalytic combustor, and      the vaporizer reactor to the inlet of the fuel processor. The bypass      passage is operable to circulate a fuel processor system gas to the inlet      of the fuel processor. 
The invention is a start up system and method for a fuel cell power plant      (10) using a purging of the cathode flow field (38) with a hydrogen rich      reducing fluid fuel to minimize corrosion of the cathode electrode (16).      The method for starting up the shut down fuel cell power plant (10)      includes the steps of: a. purging the cathode flow field (38) with the      reducing fluid fuel; b. then, directing the reducing fluid fuel to flow      through an anode flow field (28); c. next, terminating flow of the fuel      through the cathode flow field (38) and directing an oxygen containing      oxidant to flow through the cathode flow field (38); and, d. finally,      connecting a primary load (70) to the fuel cell (12) so that electrical      current flows from the fuel cell (12) to the primary load (70). 
The present invention relates to novel organic/inorganic-oxide multilayer      materials. In particular novel organic/inorganic-oxide materials based on      single or multiple atomic layers of tungsten oxide, molybdenum oxide or      other metal oxides interspersed between organic spacer layers is disclosed      along with a method of preparing the materials, preferably via self      assembly. 
A silica layer is provided which is usable as a low refractive index layer      undergoing no change in its refractive index. Further, a silica layer is      provided which is highly productive and usable as a medium or high      refractive index layer undergoing neither reduction in transmittance nor      change in spectral colors. Still further, an antireflection film using      these silica layers is provided. 
A piston ring comprises a coating of a wear-resistant composite      composition, particularly intended for high temperature applications. The      wear-resistant composite composition comprises a ceramic compound and at      least 50 volume %, based on the total volume of the wear-resistant      composition, of an intermetallic nickel-aluminide chosen from the group      consisting of NiAl and Ni.sub.3 Al. A piston ring comprises a      wear-resistant composite composition, particularly intended for high      temperature applications. The wear-resistant composite composition      comprises a ceramic compound and at least an intermetallic      nickel-aluminide chosen from the group consisting of NiAl and Ni.sub.3 Al. 
A self-organized magnetic array includes a plurality of magnetic primary      nanoparticles are arranged on the substrate in a self-organized magnetic      array. A plurality of magnetic interstitial nanoparticles are positioned      between at least some of the primary nanoparticles in the self-organized      magnetic array. A method of making such an array is also provided. 
An organic electroluminescent (EL) device (10) in accordance with the      present invention comprises, in sequence, a glass substrate (11), an anode      layer (12), a hole-injecting layer (13), a hole-transporting layer (14),      an luminescent layer (15), an electron-transporting layer (16), an      electron-injecting layer (17) and a cathode layer (18). The luminescent      layer (15) is doped with a guest fluorescent doping material, and the      guest fluorescent doping material for the luminescent layer (15) comprises      a compound represented by Formula I:        STR1   wherein R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3, R.sub.4, R.sub.5, and R.sub.6 each      independently represents a linear or branched aliphatic group having from      1 to 10 carbon atoms or an aromatic group having from 5 to 20 carbon      atoms. 
This invention features a dipyrazolo-pyridine compound of formula (I):        STR1   each of R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3, and R.sub.4, independently, is H, alkyl,      alkenyl, cycloalkyl, aryl, or heteroaryl; and each of R.sub.5 and R.sub.6,      independently, is aryl or heteroaryl, or R.sub.5 and R.sub.6, together      with the N atom they are attached to, are heteroaryl. The      dipyrazolo-pyridine compound can be used in an electro-luminescence      device. 
A method of manufacturing an organic EL element according to the present      invention comprises the steps of forming pixel electrodes (801), (802),      (803) on a transparent substrate (804) and forming on the pixel electrodes      by patterning luminescent layers (806), (807), (808) made of an organic      compound by means of an ink-jet method. According to this method, it is      possible to carry out a high precise patterning easily and in a short      time, thereby enabling to carry out optimization for a film design and      luminescent characteristic easily as well as making it easy to adjust a      luminous efficiency. 
A method of forming an environmental resistant thermal barrier coating on a      copper alloy is disclosed. The steps include cleansing a surface of a      copper alloy, depositing a bond coat on the cleansed surface of the copper      alloy, depositing a NiAl top coat on the bond coat and consolidating the      bond coat and the NiAl top coat to form the thermal barrier coating. The      bond coat may be a nickel layer or a layer composed of at least one of      copper and chromium-copper alloy and either the bond coat or the NiAl top      coat or both may be deposited using a low pressure or vacuum plasma spray. 
A ground electrode and a terminal electrode are formed on a first main      surface of dielectric substrate forming a circuit board. Wiring electrodes      are formed on a second main surface of the dielectric substrate. A      semiconductor device and a filter are mounted on the wiring electrodes. A      strip line electrode of the filter is connected to the ground electrode of      the circuit board for conducting direct current, via a through-hole      provided in the filter, a ground electrode of the filter, the wiring      electrode, and a through-hole provided in the circuit board. With this      arrangement, the terminal electrode is connected to a high-frequency      signal terminal of the semiconductor device via the filter. 
A protected article includes a nickel-base superalloy substrate, an      interlayer overlying the substrate, and a protective layer overlying the      interlayer. The protective layer has a composition comprising at least one      of rhodium, platinum, palladium, and ruthenium. In one composition,      palladium is present in an amount of from about 1 to about 41 atomic      percent; platinum is present in an amount of about (40+atomic percent      palladium) atomic percent for palladium ranging from about 1 atomic      percent to about 14 atomic percent and up to about 54 atomic percent for      palladium ranging from about 15 atomic percent up to about 41 atomic      percent; rhodium is present in an amount of at least about 24 atomic      percent; zirconium, hafnium, titanium, and mixtures thereof are present in      an amount of from zero up to about 5 atomic percent; and ruthenium is      present in an amount of from zero up to about 5 atomic percent, balance      impurities. The interlayer has a coefficient of thermal expansion      intermediate between that of the substrate and that of the protective      layer. The protected article is fabricated by furnishing the substrate,      applying the interlayer over the substrate, and applying the protective      layer over the interlayer. The application of the protective layer may be,      for example, by welding or attachment of a solid piece. 
Magnetic recording media exhibiting high SNR and high thermal stability are      produced by sputter depositing a magnetic alloy overlying a non-magnetic      substrate, e.g., on an underlayer, heating to eliminate thermally unstable      small grains thereby increasing the average grain size of the magnetic      alloy layer but narrowing the grain size distribution, depositing a layer      comprising a non-ferromagnetic element, and then heating to diffuse the      non-ferromagnetic element into the grain boundaries of the heat treated      magnetic alloy layer. Embodiments include heating to diffuse the      non-ferromagnetic element leaving a layer comprising the non-ferromagnetic      element, at a thickness up to about 3.ANG., on the magnetic alloy layer,      with the amount of the non-ferromagnetic element diffused into the grain      boundaries of the magnetic alloy layer gradually decreasing from the upper      surface of the magnetic alloy layer toward the underlayer. 
A magnetic recording medium such as a magnetic disk includes a NiP or      ceramic glass substrate on which a seedlayer is sputtered in a low      pressure inert gas atmosphere, the seedlayer comprising a ternary or      quaternary alloy formed from a B2 lattice type alloy such as NiAl, CoTi,      CoAl, NiTi, FeTi, CoFe, CoHf, CuZn, CoZr, and MnAl. For quaternary alloys      in which elements X and Y are added to the B2 type alloy, X can be chosen      from one or more elements selected from the group consisting of Co, Ni,      Fe, Cu, V, Mn, and Zn, and Y can be chosen from one or more elements      selected from the group consisting of Al, Nb, Ta, Hf, Zr, Zn, Ag, Au, Pt      and Pd. The resulting seedlayer preferably has an A2 lattice structure. 
An aqueous adhesive composition with good release properties. A preferred      embodiment comprises sodium lauryl sulfate and a modified tapioca dextrin. 
Antimicrobial and antifogging polymeric films with preferable A/C/E      structure useful for the food, medicine and agriculture applications as      well as for other general packaging and non-traditional special      applications. More preferably, antimicrobial and antifogging films having      a A/B/C/E structure. Most preferably, antimicrobial and antifogging films      having a A/B/C/D/E structure. A multilayer structure (having at least an      skin layer (A) having antifogging and antimicrobial properties/a core      layer (C)/an outer layer (E) structure) for semi and biaxially oriented      polyolefin based antifogging films having advantageous properties as      compared with known and commercial films such as low values of haze, high      values of sheen, lower longitudinal and transverse shrinkage, which      provides high dimensional stability, and excellent antifogging and      antimicrobial properties. Preferably the skin layer (A), having      antifogging and antimicrobial properties, is electrical corona or flame      treated. Electrical corona or flame treatment of the outer layer (E) may      enhance ink anchorage and increase the printability of this layer.      Preferably, the films comprise an inner (B) layer between the skin layer      (A) and the core layer (C). Preferably, the films may comprise a second      inner (D) layer between the outer (E) layer and the core layer (C). 
An acrylic derived adhesive that is used for attachment of a polarizing      plate having a difference of no more than 5% between an initial gel ratio      and a gel ratio after the adhesive is heated at 80.degree. C. for 500      hours is efficiently used as adhesive for polarizing plate excellent in      long-term preservation quality and for optical member. 
An aromatic polyimide film for producing an electro-conductive sealing      element of a packaged semi-conductor device, has a thickness of 20 to 60      .mu.m, a moisture vapor transmission coefficient of 0.05 to 0.8      g/mm/m.sup.2.multidot.24 hrs, a water absorption ratio of 2.0% or less,      and an elastic modulus in tension of 5,000 MPa or more, in which a surface      of the polyimide film has been treated with reduced-pressure plasma      discharge. 
A hybrid film, comprising a first polymer film having a plasma-treated      surface and a second polymer film having first and second surfaces, with      the first surface of the second polymer film being disposed along the      first plasma-treated surface of the first polymer film, has superior      thermal and mechanical properties that improve performance in a number of      applications, including food packaging, thin film metallized and foil      capacitors, metal evaporated magnetic tapes, flexible electrical cables,      and decorative and optically variable films. One or more metal layers may      be deposited on either the plasma-treated surface of the substrate and/or      the radiation-cured acrylate polymer. A ceramic layer may be deposited on      the radiation-cured acrylate polymer to provide an oxygen and moisture      barrier film. The hybrid film is produced using a high speed, vacuum      polymer deposition process that is capable of forming thin, uniform, high      temperature, cross-linked acrylate polymers on specific thermoplastic or      thermoset films. Radiation curing is employed to cross-link the acrylate      monomer. The hybrid film can be produced in-line with the metallization or      ceramic coating process, in the same vacuum chamber and with minimal      additional cost. 
Heat-curable silicone compositions employing a reactive silicone, a      silicone hydride crosslinker and a catalyst system which includes a      rhodium-based catalyst, a stabilizing system are disclosed. A combination      of rhodium and platinum-based catalysts are employed as well. The      compositions are low temperature curing and are capable of providing low      coefficient of thermal expansion compositions. A stabilizer system which      includes in combination a peroxide and an acetylenic compound is also      disclosed. 
A curved laminated automotive glazing panel (10) having a radius of      curvature at at least one portion that is less than 500 mm has a glazing      panel which is provided with a solar control coating layer (25) positioned      at its convex internal surface (11) and in which the coating stack      comprises at least two space sputtered silver containing layers initially      deposited on a substantially flat sheet of glazing material which is      subsequently bent to form a part of the glazing panel (10). 
The idea of the invention is to fabricate a multilayer coaxial transmission      line into a printed circuit. The outermost conductor is fabricated by      conductive conduit strips in different layers, using conductive via posts      in isolation layers connecting the strips. The innermost conductor can be      a single conductive strip or multiple strips in different layers connected      together through conductive via posts. 
The invention concerns transparent fire break glass panels. The inventive      glazing comprises at least two glass sheets and an intumescent      phosphate-based material layer, layer which is located between said two      glass sheets. The intumescent material comprises pyrogenous silica or a      mixture of pyrogenous silica and alumina which enables said material to be      exempt from creep deformation at temperatures preceding the expansion of      the intumescent material in fire resistance tests. The inventive glass      panels have proved heat resistance, and are more easily manufactured than      similar glass panels in prior art. 
The invention concerns glass panels comprising thin layers in particular      for providing them with solar protective or low-emissive properties, and      also comprising other thin layers for correcting rainbow effects induced      by the former. The invention is characterized in that said glass panels      comprise a glass substrate coated with an aluminum oxynitride layer,      deposited by gas phase pyrolysis, and whereof the characteristics of      thickness and refractive index are selected so as to attenuate colors      reflected by the layer providing the glass panel with low-emissive and/or      solar protective properties, layer which is deposited on the aluminum      oxynitride layer. 
A color neutral absorbing film is applied as a coating on a glass      substrate, to which a conductive coating is first applied. An additional      metal oxide layer is deposited on the absorbing film. The coating is      suitable for use in anti-reflective coatings containing other metal oxides      or mixed metal oxides to achieve a coated glass article having a visible      light transmittance of 30% or greater and a reflectance of less than 5%.      The coated glass article is absorbing, anti-reflective and conducting. 
There is disclosed a process of priming a surface (preferably part of a      vehicle) comprising; i) applying a UV radiation curable primer to the area      to be primed; ii) curing the primer with UV radiation provided by one or      more UV lamps having a UV-B:UV-A ratio of 1:1 or less and substantially no      UV-C content, the UV radiation curable primer containing: A. 0-84% by      weight of one or more compounds containing one ethylenically unsaturated      free-radically polymerisable group per molecule; B. 5-50% by weight of one      or more compounds containing two or more ethylenically unsaturated free      radically polymerisable groups per molecule; C. 10-70% by weight of one or      more pigments, fillers and/or dyes; D. 1-8% by weight of one or more      photoinitiators; E. 0-20% by weight of volatile organic solvent and; F.      0-15% by weight of customary additives. Preferably the process also      includes sanding the primer and topcoating the primer with one or more      topcoats. There is also disclosed a surface whenever treated in a process      of the invention. 
Epoxy resin compositions comprising (a) an epoxy resin, (b) a latent curing      agent with curing power at 100.degree. C. or below and (c) an aromatic      amine-based curing agent and/or an alicyclic amine-based curing agent,      which are curable in two stages, or epoxy resin compositions further      comprising (d) a curing accelerator, as well as a prepregs comprising      reinforcing fiber materials impregnated with the epoxy resin compositions.      The compositions give die-releasable cured products by primary curing at      low temperature, give highly heat-resistant cured products by secondary      curing, and exhibit satisfactory stability at room temperature. 
A carbon microrod that holds a fine object by chemically adsorbing the      object on the surface to make a dynamic measurement possible. An organic      substance that leaves, after firing, glassy carbon that hardly becomes      graphite, such as a chlorinated vinyl chloride resin, is mixed with a fine      graphite powder having an average particle size of 1 .mu.m, and the      mixture is extrusion molded with a die having a diameter of 50 .mu.m; the      molded article is fired to give a carbon microrod comprising glassy carbon      and crystalline carbon. 
An object is provided, which has a portion to be in contact with a human s      skin when used, and can suppress irritation of the human s skin. A      skin-contact portion of the object to be in contact with the human s skin      when used is coated with a carbon film. For example, the      carbon-film-coated object is glasses having ear pieces of temples and node      pads coated at least partially with carbon films having a function of      suppressing skin irritation. 
A polyester fiber comprises a hygroscopic polyester composition which      contains 1 to 20 percent by weight of hygroscopic silica-based inorganic      particles in which the average diameter, the specific surface area, the      micropore volume, and the hygroscopic parameter .DELTA.MR are within      specified ranges. This hygroscopic fiber is suitable for clothes which      require comfortableness. 
The present invention relates to a dope dyed sea-island type conjugate      multifilament. In the dope dyed sea-island type conjugate multifilament,      which comprises easy soluble polymer as a sea component and polyester as      an island component, the island component contains a dope dyed component      selected from the group consisting of carbon black, pigments and dyestuffs      and the temperature range (T.alpha.-T.beta.) showing more than 95% of the      maximum thermal stress of yarns is from 120.degree. C. to 210.degree. C.      The dope dyed sea-island type conjugate multifilament of the present      invention has an excellent thermal shrinkage property and excellent wash      fastness and light fastness, and the dyeing process thereof can be omitted      after producing a woven or knitted fabric because a dope dyed component is      contained in the island component (ultra fine yarn). The dope dyed      sea-island type conjugate multifilament of the present invention is useful      as yarns for warp knit fabrics used in production of women s apparel. 
An antibacterial fiber and twisted yarn having an antibacterial imparting      glass composition complexed therewith. The glass composition comprises      0.1-5.0 % by weight of Ag.sub.2 O in a composition containing 45-67 mol %      of P.sub.2 O.sub.5, 5-20 mol % of A1.sub.2 O.sub.3, 1-22 mol % of one or      more selected from MgO, CaO and ZnO, and 1-20 mol % of B.sub.2 O.sub.3. An      antibacterial fiber contains the antibacterial imparting glass composition      in a ratio of 0.1-2.5%. 
The present invention discloses a miniaturized multi-layer coplanar wave      guide low pass filter including: a substrate; a first dielectric layer      formed on and enclosing said substrate; a first metallic pattern layer      formed on said first dielectric layer; a second dielectric layer formed on      said first metallic pattern layer; wherein several via holes being formed      on said second dielectric layer; a second metallic pattern layer formed on      said second dielectric layer, wherein said via holes formed on said second      dielectric layer are filled up with the metal thereof; a third dielectric      layer formed on said second metallic pattern layer, wherein several via      holes being formed on said third dielectric layer; and a third metallic      pattern layer formed on said third dielectric layer, wherein said via      holes formed on said third dielectric layer are filled with the metal      thereof. 
An adhesive which comprises (1) 100 parts by weight of an epoxy resin and a      hardener therefor, (2) 75 to 300 parts by weight of an epoxidized acrylic      copolymer having a glycidyl (meth)acrylate unit content of 0.5 to 6 wt. %,      a glass transition temperature of -10.degree. C. or higher and a weight      average molecular weight of 100,000 or more and (3) 0.1 to 20 parts by      weight of a latent curing accelerator; an adhesive member having a layer      of the adhesive; an interconnecting substrate for semiconductor mounting      having the adhesive member; and a semiconductor device containing the      same. 
The present invention provides, chemical mechanical polishing pad with      improved polishing properties and longevity for polishing semiconductor      wafers. The polishing pad comprises a thermoplastic backing film and a      pressure sensitive adhesive coupled to the thermoplastic backing film. The      pressure sensitive adhesive is configured to couple a chemical mechanical      polishing pad to a polishing platen. The pressure sensitive adhesive is      further configured to provide an interface capable of substantially      preventing delamination of the polishing pad from the polishing platen for      at least about 4 days exposure to a polishing slurry medium having a pH of      about 4 or higher. 
An anti-fogging thermoplastic resin sheet is provided which has a      remarkably improved strength in an anti-fogging coating film thereof,      inhibiting coating film breakage during the forming, and which exerts      excellent anti-fogging effects even in the case of a deep drawn formed      articles and can prevent transfer of the anti-fogging coating film to the      opposite surface when the anti-fogging thermoplastic resin sheet is wound      in a roll. A formed article having excellent anti-fogging effects is also      provided. A thermoplastic resin sheet comprising polystyrene, a polymer      alloy of polystyrene and a rubber, a high-impact styrene resin, a      copolymer of styrene and an acrylic monomer, polyolefin, polyethylene      terephthalate, polyvinyl chloride or polyvinylidene chloride comprises on      the surface thereof an anti-fogging coating film comprising a surfactant      (A) and cyclodextrin or a water-soluble compound (B) in which hydroxyl      groups of cyclodextrin are modified. 
A printing and copying paper capable of printing or copying images      distinctly on a large scale, without becoming curled or being blocked up      in or sent out of machines as two or more than two of the papers being      superposed, by means of high temperature high speed printing or copying      machines, in which toners are to be fixed at high temperature, comprising      a sheet of paper, a white polyethylene coating layer coating on the      surface of the paper, said layer being laminated with a transparent heat      resistant resin coating layer, or a transparent heat resistant resin film      to form a glossy surface, and a transparent polyethylene coating layer      coating on the back surface of the paper, said layer being coated with a      transparent heat resistant resin coating liquid which is mixed with      matting agents. 
Multilayered magnetic pigment flakes and foils are provided. The pigment      flakes can have a symmetrical coating structure on opposing sides of a      magnetic core, or can be formed with encapsulating coatings around the      magnetic core. The magnetic core can be a magnetic layer between reflector      or dielectric layers, a dielectric layer between magnetic layers, or only      a magnetic layer. Some embodiments of the pigment flakes and foils exhibit      a discrete color shift so as to have distinct colors at differing angles      of incident light or viewing. The pigment flakes can be interspersed into      liquid media such as paints or inks to produce colorant compositions for      subsequent application to objects or papers. The foils can be laminated to      various objects or can be formed on a carrier substrate. 
The invention relates to a material comprising a web wherein said web      comprises at least one surface layer comprising polyether polymeric      antistat, extrudable polymer, and compatibilizer wherein said surface      layer has a roughness of greater than 0.3 Ra. 
A method for manufacturing a printed wiring board, comprising the step of      forming a hole by an energy beam such as a laser beam, wherein formation      of a resin film by a substrate-material resin oozing to the inner-wall      surface of a hole is prevented, by lowering the water-absorption      percentage of a substrate material through the dehumidifying step as the      preprocess of the hole-forming step for forming a through-hole or      non-through-hole for interconnecting circuits formed on both sides or in      multiple layers, thereby it is possible to realize high-quality      hole-formation by preventing a defective resin film formation and obtain a      high-reliability printed wiring board. 
A composite facer material for use with cementitious wallboards, where the      composite facer is embedded in a top and bottom face thereof. The      composite facer material, in a most preferred embodiment, comprises two      layers. The first layer is preferably a carded polyester nonwoven mat,      which is bonded to a second layer comprising preferably a tri-directional      laid scrim fabric reinforcement layer made of continuous glass fibers. The      two layers are preferably bonded together using an acrylic adhesive, which      offers superior adhesion between the layers as well as superior adhesion      between the composite facing material and the cementitious core. 
A composite material includes a ceramic matrix and two different fractions      of fiber bundles, namely a reinforcing fiber bundle fraction and a matrix      fiber bundle fraction having different average fiber bundle lengths. The      fractions of fiber bundles are separated in a total fiber bundle      distribution relative to a fiber bundle length by a minimum. A method for      manufacturing a composite material and a method for manufacturing elements      formed of a composite material are also provided. 
A non-asbestos friction material is obtained by molding and curing a      composition which includes a fibrous base other than asbestos, a binder      and a filler wherein the fibrous base contains no inorganic fibers having      a length of at least 5 .mu.m, a diameter of up to 3 .mu.m and an aspect      ratio greater than 3, and the binder includes a resin having a flow of at      most 27 mm at 125.degree. C. The friction materials having a porosity of 8      to 20% exhibit a good braking performance and stability, are endowed with      good resistance to fade and wear, provide enhanced safety and hygiene      during production, and have minimal impact on the human body from dust      generated during use. 
A reflective grating (18) having spaced grid lines (36) patterned on a      piezoelectric substrate (12) for controlling the magnitude and phase of      surface acoustic waves (28) in a reflective filter (10) or resonator. The      magnitude and phase of the surface acoustic wave (28) are controlled by a      sampling period (34) of the reflective grating (18) and the density and      sequence of distributed acoustic reflective dots (42). The reflective dots      (42) are randomly distributed within gaps (40) between adjacent grid lines      (36) or on top of the grid lines (36) of the reflective grating (18). The      pattern of the reflective dots distributed within the gaps (40) or on the      grid lines (36) is determined by the dot density, where the dot density      varies from a lowest density of 0 to a maximum density of 1. 
A multilayer ultrathin film which comprises layers of a polymer and layers      of lamina particles alternately assembled, said lamina particles are      obtained by exfoliating microcrystals of a layered titanium oxide. 
The present invention provides a coating for a transparent substrate which      exhibits a neutral color through a wide range of angles of incidence of      light. The coating employs a base coat adjacent the transparent substrate      having a thickness of no more than about 275 .ANG. and may include two      reflective metal layers having an intermediate layer of an anti-reflective      metal oxide therebetween and an outer anti-reflective layer of metal oxide      over the second reflective metal layer. If so desired, the coating of the      invention may include an abrasive-resistant overcoat as its outermost      layer. This overcoat is desirably formed of an abrasive-resistant metal      oxide, such as zinc oxide applied at a thickness which does not      significantly affect the optical properties of said coated substrate. 
A method (50) of instrumenting a component (10) having a barrier coating      (14). A sensor (76) is embedded within or below the coating. Material      forming the sensor is deposited within a trench (80) formed into the      barrier coating. The trench is then backfilled with material (70) to      protect the sensor from the environment within which the component is      operating. In this manner, the sensor may be embedded at any desired      location and any desired depth within a barrier coating on a previously      fabricated component. An array of sensors (98, 100, 102) may be embedded      across the depth of the coating to provide signals indicative of operating      conditions across the coating. The signals may be conducted to a      connection location (24) by conductors (62, 64) that are deposited within      the trench. The trench may be formed with a laser engraving process (54)      and the material for the sensor and conductors may be deposited with a      selective laser melting process (58). 
The invention relates to a method for linking two adjacent plastic work      pieces (2, 3). The inventive method is characterized in that the intended      contact zone (K) of at least one of the two work pieces (2) with which the      latter adjoins to the other work piece (3) is at least partially subjected      to a high-energy radiation to such an extent that the glass transition      temperature is reduced in a marginal zone (R). The two work pieces (2, 3)      are brought in the desired position relative to each other. For      establishing the connection of the two work pieces (2, 3) at least the      marginal zone (R) modified by the previous radiation process is heated at      least in its surface area to a temperature that is higher than the glass      transition temperature of the marginal zone (R) modified by the radiation      process but lower than the glass transition temperature of the zones of      the work pieces (2, 3) that have not been modified. The invention also      relates to an article (1) produced according to the inventive method that      consists of two work pieces (2, 3) that are linked without using foreign      matte. The inventive article is characterized in that recesses (V),      especially channel-shaped recesses, are introduced in at least one contact      zone (K) of the two work pieces (2). 
A foam pad comprising a surface to which a trim cover can be secured, the      surface comprising a channel having a width of up to about 15 mm. Disposed      in the channel is one of a male portion or a female portion of a      releasably engageable male-female trim cover attachment system. A trim      cover having the other of the male or female portion attached thereto may      be readily attached to the foam pad. A process and a mold for producing      the foam pad are also described. The foam pad is particularly useful as a      component of a vehicular seat system (e.g., seat bottom, seat back and the      like). 
There is provided a resilient, three dimensional material having fibrous      texture and appearance and capable of fluid handling. It consists of a top      surface and a bottom surface wherein fiber-like elements typically extend      from one surface to the other forming flat to undulating surfaces      characterized by a multiplicity of interconnected fluid passageways.      Deformed, discontinuous film-like or encapsulated regions connect      fiber-like elements and stabilize the material. The material of this      invention is unique based on the three principle characteristics which are      communicated in this application: 1) f.sub.f (.psi.)&lt;0.87, 2)      SA/VV&lt;186 cm.sup.2 /cm.sup.3, and 3) caliper&lt;0.150 inches. This      material is useful for a number of purposes, such as for use as a liner      for personal care products like diapers, absorbent underpants, swim wear,      feminine hygiene products, adult incontinence products and the like. The      properties of the material may be tailored within the ranges of this      invention to deliver optimal material performance for use in specific      personal care products. 
A method for producing a laminate having resin layers and thin metal layers      by repeating a process unit comprising a step of laminating a resin layer      by applying a resin material, a step of depositing a patterning material      on the resin layer and a step of laminating a thin metal layer,      predetermined times on a turning support (511), wherein the patterning      material is stuck on the surface of the resin layer in a noncontact way. A      laminate comprising a large number of laminate units each comprising a      resin layer and a thin metal layer divided at an electric insulation      stripe part can be produced stably. The laminate is applicable to      production of a high performance small capacitor at low cost. 
Algae-resistant roofing granules consisting of one or two coats of a fired      semi-ceramic composition having a metallic copper powder which does not      significantly affect the color tint strength of the pigment contained in      the coatings. 
A cutting tool 1 includes a hard coating formed on the surface of a      substrate formed of, for example, a hard material of cemented carbide      (WC-Co-type cemented carbide) equivalent to JIS K10 and polished into the      shape of ISO SPGN120312. The cutting tool 1 has a plate-shape with a rake      face (the main surface side) that is wider than the opposite face. The      hard coating has a thickness in the range of from 1 .mu.m to 5 .mu.m, is      formed of a TiAlN material, and has a Ti/Al ratio of 1. Coarse grains      present in the hard coating and having a size not less than coating      thickness occupy an area percentage not greater than 5% by area. The hard      coating has a surface roughness Ra of not greater than 0.1 .mu.m and a      surface roughness Rz of not greater than 1 .mu.m. 
The invention provides pressure-sensitive adhesive (PSA) coated articles,      including tapes and transfer coatings, having microstructured surfaces and      methods of making pressure-sensitive adhesive articles bearing such      microstructured surfaces. The performance properties of the      pressure-sensitive adhesive articles can be tailored by independently      varying the microstructure and the rheological properties of the      pressure-sensitive adhesive. 
A component having an acoustically active material, whose acoustic      constants can be at least partially altered. The acoustically active      material is located at least partially at a phase transition point and/or      in the vicinity of a phase transition point. 
An abrasive article is described. The article is suitable for the      deposition and mechanical polishing of a conductive material, and      comprises: a polishing layer having a textured surface comprising a binder      and a second surface opposite the textured surface, the polishing layer      further comprising a first channel extending therethrough; a backing      having a first backing surface and a second backing surface, the first      backing surface associated with the second surface of the polishing layer,      the backing comprising a second channel coextensive with the first channel      and extending through the backing from the first backing surface to the      second backing surface; the first channel and the second channel      dimensioned with respect to one another so that the textured surface of      the polishing layer is outside of a line of sight. 
The invention relates to an SMC (sheet moulding compound) for producing      fibre-reinforced duroplastic components. Said SMC consists of a resin      matrix (2) which is fibre-reinforced with unidirectional fibres      (UD-fibres) (7) that are arranged in axial alignment and preferably with      additional cut fibres (random fibres) (4) that are arranged in a      non-aligned manner in the resin matrix. According to the invention, in      order to achieve extremely high rigidity in a multi-axial direction with a      low surface weight, several layers of SMC are arranged in the component,      each layer containing UD-fibres (7) with a different alignment from one      another. 
A secondary backing for surface coverings is disclosed which comprises at      least one thermoplastic material optionally having polymeric microspheres      dispersed therein. A textile substrate comprising a primary backing with      textile fibers extending upwardly from the backing and forming a surface      and the above-described secondary backing attached thereto is also      described. Methods of making the textile substrate and the secondary      backing which can be foam or hardback are also described. Also described      is a resilient surface covering, such as vinyl flooring, using the      secondary backing of the present invention in one or more layers. 
A vacuum thermal insulation product is formed of aporous thermal insulation      material encased in an evacuated enclosure, with least a portion of the      evacuated enclosure including a layer of an electroplated metal. 
A computer-readable medium having material at a select position therein and      containing instructions for controlling an optical reader to cause the      optical reader to re-read the position having the material one or more      times to elicit a measurable parameter at such position. 
Systems and methods are described for inhibiting the readability of an      optical media due to changes in a pseudo-reflective material that composes      the optical media after the optical media has been exposed to air for a      predetermined time. An optical media includes a data encoded component. At      least a fraction of the data encoded component transforms from a      substantially optically reflective state to a substantially optically      non-reflective state as at-least-in-part a function of time from an      initializing event. The systems and methods provide advantages because of      low cost, limited content lifetime, avoidance of rental returns and      minimum changes to existing manufacturing processes. 
Adhesive-coated, peelable protective films and peelable labels, wherein the      adhesive contains a copolymer that is capable of undergoing free-radical      polymerization and which comprises, to an extent of from 0.1 to 10 wt %,      based on the copolymer, a compound A compound of at least one      copolymerizable, ethylenically unsaturated group and a group of the      formula        STR1   in which R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 independently stand for hydrogen or a C.sub.1      -C.sub.5 alkyl group or R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 together form a bridging      C.sub.2 -C.sub.4 alkylene group which can be mono- or di-substituted by a      C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 alkoxy group or hydroxyl group and X stands for O or S. 
A pressure sensitive adhesive layer with a structured surface, wherein the      adhesive layer is capable of being dry laminated to a substrate to form a      laminate. The adhesive layer has a haze after lamination, measured      according to ASTM D 1003-95, of less than about 50% of the haze of the      adhesive layer before lamination. After dry lamination, the adhesive layer      has a luminous transmittance of more than about 85%, a haze of less than      about 25%, and an opacity of less than about 3%. 
A hose of a laminated structure which comprises a rubber layer composed of      a rubber composition, and a laminate including a metal foil and a resin,      the rubber composition including:     (A) a rubber including at least one of an ethylene-propylene-diene      terpolymer and an ethylene-propylene copolymer;     (B) a peroxide vulcanizing agent;     (C) a resorcinol compound; and     (D) a melamine resin. The hose is light in weight, less costly, and has excellent gas barrier      properties. 
A fuser component useful in electrostatographic machines, having a      substrate, and thereover a silicone rubber layer having the crosslinked      product of at least one platinum catalyzed addition curable vinyl      terminated polyorganosiloxane, aluminum oxide fillers, iron oxide fillers,      a crosslinking agent, and having an optional outer fluoroelastomer layer. 

The waveguide group branching filter according to the present invention is      formed by boring out of two metal blocks constituent circuits including a      circular-to-square waveguide multistage transformer 1, the branch      waveguide polarizer/branching filter 4, a rectangular waveguide multistage      transform 9, the rectangular waveguide H-plane T-branch circuit 10, and      waveguide band-pass filters 8, 14 and 18; radio waves V1 and H1, which      have their polarization planes vertical and horizontal, respectively, to      the branching plane of the branch waveguide polarizer/branching filter 4      in a certain frequency band f1, and a radio wave V2 of the same      polarization plane as that of the radio wave V1 in a frequency band f2      higher than the frequency band f1 are incident to an input port P1, and      the radio wave V1 is emitted from an output port P2, the radio wave H1   