To provide a polypeptide having ceramidase activity, and a gene encoding      thereof useful as an reagent for lipid engineering and as indices for      diagnosis of atopic dermatitis, an easy method for detecting the      polypeptide and method for detecting the gene as well as a method for      detecting atopic dermatitis. A polypeptide having an amino acid sequence      as shown in SEQ ID NO: 1 in Sequence Listing, or a polypeptide having an      amino acid sequence which has substitution, deletion, addition or      insertion of one or more amino acids in the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID      NO: 1 and having ceramidase activity; a gene encoding the polypeptide; a      gene capable of hybridizing with the above genes under stringent      conditions, and encoding a polypeptide having ceramidase activity; an      oligonucleotide probe or primer, which is capable of hybridizing under      stringent conditions with the above genes or with a gene having a      nucleotide sequence complementary thereto; a method for detecting a gene      encoding a polypeptide having ceramidase activity, by using the      oligonucleotide probe and/or primer; an antibody or a fragment thereof,      which is capable of specifically binding to the polypeptide; a method for      detecting a polypeptide having ceramidase activity, by using the above      antibody or fragment thereof; a method for detecting atopic dermatitis, by      the methods. 
A new and distinct variety of peach, Prunus persica, tree having the      following unique combination of desirable features:     1. Producing a very firm fruit that can best be described as crunchy when      bitten into when firm ripe.     2. The limbs of the tree naturally grow at wide angles creating a      wide-spreading tree.     3. A substantially spherical fruit with yellow flesh having light red      around the pit.     4. A mid-season peach variety that matures after `Redhaven` (unpatented)      and which hangs on the tree for many days staying extremely firm.     5. A peach variety that has excellent storage and shelf life. 

A three-dimensional measuring method comprising the following steps of:      carrying out plural-time measurements with respect to a point on an object      along the same line of vision using a three-dimensional measuring device;      acquiring distance information on a distance between the point on the      object and the three-dimensional measuring device for each measurement;      determining a difference of the distance information of each point; making      a decision such that the measurement is successful when the difference is      smaller than a predetermined value; and making a decision such that the      measurement is unsuccessful when the difference is larger than the      predetermined value. 
In order to solve a subject that a polycrystalline silicon TFT liquid      crystal display apparatus of the driving circuit integration type cannot      adopt a technique for reducing the power consumption by an output section,      according to the present invention, for example, a sampling latch circuit      which composes a horizontal driving circuit (data line driving circuit) of      an active matrix type display apparatus is configured such that, when a      1-bit mode (2-gradation mode) is set, a control signal A of the H level      and another control signal B of the L level (low level) are outputted      from a 1-bit mode control circuit (16) to place only AND circuits (31-2      and 32-2) corresponding to the most significant bit (MSB) into a passage      permitting state to place only latch circuits (35-2 and 36-2) of the MSB      into a data writing permitting state (active state) while the remaining      latch circuits (35-0, 35-1, 36-0 and 36-1) are placed into a data writing      inhibiting state (inactive state). 
A light beam display employing interlaced light beam scanning comprising a      display screen having a vertical and a horizontal dimension, a source of a      plurality of light beams and an optical path including a movable reflector      having a plurality of reflective facets between the display screen and the      light beam source. The movable reflector directs the plural light beams to      the display screen via one or more facets of the movable reflector to      simultaneously illuminate plural different scan lines of the display which      are spaced apart by plural non-illuminated scan lines. An optical      mechanical element is provided for vertically shifting the light beams so      as to illuminate different scan lines of the display screen. 
A virtual reality viewing system and method senses the motions of a viewer      providing a sequence of viewing perspectives and creates a real time image      to the viewer based upon a probable viewing image. The system and method      accounts for latency between the movement of the viewer and generation of      the viewed image by generating a spline based upon measured velocities of      the viewer s head and creates a look-ahead velocity based upon the spline      and a dampening factor. Then an image is generated based upon the      look-ahead velocities and displayed to the viewer. The dampening factor      smoothes the look-ahead velocities by adding latency back into the      look-ahead velocities to account for sudden movements of the viewer. 
An antenna for the communication terminal having a printed conductor      pattern applied to a support, wherein the printed conductor pattern      includes a first printed conductor pattern section, the end of which is      capacitively loaded by a second printed conductor pattern section for      tuning the antenna to a desired radio channel. 
A high-performance and compact antenna apparatus is provided which is      capable of obtaining a high antenna gain, less susceptible to wind and the      like, and advantageously useful as mounted on vehicles or the like. The      antenna apparatus includes: a transmitting antenna section 2 having at      least one planar antenna element for transmitting a radio wave to a      satellite; a receiving antenna section 3 having at least one planar      antenna element for receiving a radio wave from the satellite, the      transmitting antenna section 2 and the receiving antenna section 3 being      positioned to orient to a predetermined satellite and arranged stepwise      with a predetermined spacing therebetween. 
An antenna having a dual-band driven element and a second antenna element      simultaneously produces a directional radiation pattern at an upper      frequency and an omnidirectional radiation pattern at a lower frequency.      The dual-band driven element is formed as a dipole or monopole with at      least one choke connected to the end of the dipole or monopole. In an      exemplary embodiment, the dual-band driven element includes a central      dipole or monopole that has chokes formed as u-shaped extensions located      at the ends of the central antenna dipole or monopole. An antenna array      includes the dual-band driven element and a second driven antenna element      with a reflector and/or a director in a Yagi-Uda configuration. An antenna      array includes the dual-band driven element with a reflector or with a      reflector and a director in a Yagi-Uda configuration. 
A dual circular polarization waveguide (24) is described which has a septum      (36) which divides the waveguide (24) into two separate compartments (38,      40) each with a probe (30A, 30B) passing through the end wall (32) of the      waveguide (24) into the compartment (38, 40) to detect respective signals      in each of the compartments (38, 40). The septum (36) is proportioned and      dimensioned to convert the left and right circularly polarized signals,      into substantially linearly polarized signals as the signals pass along      the waveguide (24) past the septum (36) so as by the time the signals      reach the probes (30A, 30B) they are linearly polarized. The probes (30A,      30B) which pass through the rear wall (32) of the waveguide (24) are      oriented such that they couple into the magnetic field of the primary or      fundamental waveguide mode. These probes (31A, 30B) do not require to be      orthogonal to each other but each probe (31A, 30B ) has a free end      disposed in proximity to a waveguide wall or the septum (36) within a      respective compartment (38, 40) so that the probe (30A, 30B) is      capacitively coupled to the waveguide wall or septum (36) to allow the      probe (30A, 30B) to couple into the respective magnetic field in the      compartment (38, 40). 
Combined Vivaldi notch and meander line loaded antennas are concatenated in      an array to provide an ultra wideband antenna having a decreased low      frequency cut-off due to the concatenation. In the concatenation process,      plates of adjacent antennas are shared so that one plate is used for both      of the adjacent antennas. In a preferred embodiment, the side plates and      the top and bottom plates are identically configured. 
A magnetically coupled antenna range extender structured to be interposed      between an RF antenna and an electronic device. The antenna range extender      is positioned between and proximate to one of the RF antenna and the      electronic device, for extending the operating range over which      information may be communicated and exchanged between the RF antenna and      the electronic device. 
A protective cushion is provided which works to absorb accidental physical      impact acting on an antenna unit built in a portable unit such as a remote      keyless entry transmitter for automotive vehicles. The protective cushion      includes dampers each of which has a first and a second contact. The      cushion is disposed within a casing in elastic abutment of the first      contacts with the antenna unit and the second contacts with an inner      surface of the casing, thereby absorbing physical impact transmitted to      the antenna unit which is produced, for example, when the user drops the      portable unit accidentally, thereby avoiding the detachment of the antenna      unit from a circuit-fabricated substrate and/or breakage of the antenna      unit itself. 
According to the present invention, an image processing apparatus, that can      effectively generate a polygon model approximating a shape of an object by      a plurality of polygon patches, includes: an input portion for inputting      three-dimensional data of the object of the input points; a storage      portion for storing coordinate values of the input points input by the      input portion; an update portion for updating three-dimensional coordinate      values of a plurality of lattice points of the polygon model so as to      reflect a distribution density of the input points, the lattice points      being arranged to form lattices on a two-dimensional plane; and an output      portion for outputting, as the polygon patches of the polygon model, the      three-dimensional coordinate values of the lattice points updated by the      update portion and a relationship of connections between the lattice      points in the lattices. 
With the object of providing a mobile wireless equipment with a      multi-frequency antenna capable of performing communication with a GPS      system in addition to conventional communication with mobile wireless      systems, an antenna 10 for mobile wireless equipment and a GPS antenna 4      are tightened together by threading an antenna fixing nut 19 onto a holder      7 from within a casing 101, after inserting a holder 7 of the antenna 10      for mobile wireless equipment from above a through-hole 4b of the GPS      antenna 4 and inserting the holder 7, which projects from below, from      above into an aperture 101a of the casing 101. Also, positioning and      fixing of the GPS antenna 4 are performed by engagement of claws 41, 41      formed on the GPS antenna 4 and a positioning boss 42 with claw receiving      sections 43, 43 and a boss receiving section 44 formed in the upper part      of the casing 101. 
A portable radio terminal testing apparatus has an antenna coupler 20, a      connecting member 16, and a measuring device 15. The antenna coupler 20      has a placement member 35, a coupling antenna 25, a pair of      through-connection portions, and an impedance transformer 31. The      placement member 35 accepts a portable radio terminal 1, which is a      testing object, in an unrestricted state. The coupling antenna 25 is      disposed so as to be electromagnetically coupled with an antenna 19 of the      portable radio terminal 1, and has a pair of antenna elements which are      formed at one face side of a dielectric substrate 26 and which have a      planar antenna structure of a predetermined shape, and a pair of feeding      points, and is formed from a self-complementary antenna having a      predetermined impedance within an operating frequency range including at      least 800 MHz to 2.5 GHz order. 
A wireless telephone antenna system including at least one loop antenna      (12) providing a directional antenna field pattern with superior gain      performance in comparison to an omnidirectional antenna. The antenna      system effectively rotates the loop antenna and selects the best gain in a      direction of interest. The antenna system preferably also includes a      conventional omnidirectional antenna (18), to which radio-frequency (RF)      power is reduced when a better antenna gain is provided by the loop      antenna, thereby reducing overall power consumption of the telephone. The      loop antenna field pattern (14) is preferably selected to minimize RF      radiation in the direction of the user s head (40). 
A system and method for prescribing an amplitude distribution to a      leaky-wave microstrip antenna having an array of radiating cells. The      leaky-wave microstrip antenna includes a grounded element, a dielectric      member coupled to the grounded element and a top conducting strip coupled      to the dielectric member, the conducting strip including a first and      second non-radiating conducting strip and a plurality of radiating cells.      This distribution requires that the microstrip antenna possess a variable      leakage-constant profile along its length, and is chosen so as to yield an      H-plane power-gain pattern having low sidelobes. The leakage-constant      profile is achieved by configuring the width and inter-cell spacing of the      antenna radiating cells and keeping the phase constant fixed. The length      or loading of the radiating cells may also be manipulated to achieve the      desired leakage constant profile. This results in the desired distribution      along the antenna s aperture and yields a power-gain pattern with low      sidelobes. The antenna is excited by two equal-amplitude and 180.degree.      out-of-phase signals. These signals are applied to the feed end of the      microstrip at two feeding ports. The microstrip antenna length is chosen      such that more than 97% of the input power is radiated by the traveling      electromagnetic, wave, while the remaining power is absorbed by the      resistively terminated antenna end. 
A method for tuning an antenna includes cutting a portion of a metal      pattern molded with a plastic insert to adjust electrical characteristics      of the antenna. Tuning can be performed by cutting the metal pattern or by      cutting the completed antenna including both the metal pattern and the      plastic insert. 
An apparatus and method to reduce the size of a microstrip antenna without      sacrificing antenna efficiency too much are described. The antenna      structure includes discontinuity of strip width in the middle of the      antenna patch to reduce the size of the antenna at a given resonant      frequency. The antenna structure further includes a plurality of patches      of differing widths connected to each other at junctions. The junctions      are placed symmetrically to ensure maximum radiation at the boresight and      also to further reduce cross-polarization levels. A coaxial feed is      connected at a predetermined location near the center of a patch, having a      narrower width, in order to match the input impedance of the antenna to      the coaxial feed. 
A process for measuring the location of people and objects carrying radio      frequency (RF) transmitters (TXs) that transmit messages to a plurality of      RF receivers (RXs) located in a space. Each RX is in communication with a      computer of a computer network and forwards data received from the TXs to      the network via its associated computer, along with a value indicating the      signal strength of the received TX transmission. The signal strengths      attributable to the same transmission are used to form a locating signal      strength vector which is then compared to exemplary vectors generated from      signal strength readings gathered in a calibration procedure from a set of      representative locations in the space. In comparing the locating vector to      the exemplary vectors, constraints are enforced on movements between      locations (e.g., cannot pass through walls) and to probabilistically      enforce expectations on transitions between locations. 
A system and method for narrowband pre-detection signal processing in      passive coherent location applications is disclosed. A receiving subsystem      receives a reference signal and a target signal from an uncontrolled      transmitter. The target signal is reflected from a target. The passive      coherent location system includes sub-processors that perform      pre-detection operations on the reference and target signals. The      functions include zero-doppler cancellation, quadrature demodulation,      reference beam regeneration, coherent processing interval selection, power      spectral density estimation, cross ambiguity function formation, and the      like. Within these operations, the reference signal is filtered with      respect to the target signal to form a first output reference signal. The      first output reference signal is combined with the first target signal to      form a first output target signal. The output target signal then is used      for subsequent passive coherent location processing operations. The filter      is updated with respect to a difference between the target signal and a      subsequent target signal. Further, two paths are used for correlation      processing of the reference and target signals. 
Methods and systems are provide for precision direction finding      capabilities for a sensing system, the method comprising providing a      sensing system that utilizes an amplitude direction finding scheme,      receiving a received signal in at least two receivers of the energy wave      sensing system, the received signal generated by a first object, comparing      the received signal at each receiver in a processor of the sensing system      utilizing an amplitude direction finding technique to produce amplitude      direction finding technique data, the amplitude direction finding      technique data indicative of course direction of the first object,      processing the received signal further to determine angle of arrival data      based on an interferometric technique to produce interferometric technique      data, the interferometric data indicative of a more precise direction of      the first object than provided by the amplitude direction finding      technique and determining the direction finding data of the first object      based on a residual phase error of the interferometric technique data and      on an amplitude direction finding error of the amplitude direction finding      technique data. 
An apparatus, method, and computer-readable media comprise a receiver      adapted to receive a plurality of broadcast signals; a signal processor      adapted to determine a position based on the received plurality of      broadcast signals; a signal generator adapted to generate a ranging signal      comprising a known component of a television signal; and a transmitter      adapted to broadcast a signal comprising the ranging signal and a position      signal comprising a description of the position. 
A workstation for processing and producing a video signal comprises a video      input system, a video graphics processor, and a video output system. The      video input system may comprise a video input module, a first video      pipeline, and a second video pipeline. The video output system may      comprise a receiver, a video pipeline and a video output module. In      addition, the video input system may comprise a video input module having      a specific configuration and a video processing module having a connector      for coupling the video input module, the specific configuration of the      video input module setting the characteristics of the video processing      module. The video output system may comprise a video processing module      having a connector for coupling a video output module and a video output      module having a specific configuration, the specific configuration of the      video output module setting the characteristics of the video processing      module. 
Geographic coordinates of user equipment of a paged party are determined      either by communicating with a GPS receiver associated with the user      equipment of the paged party or by cellular triangulation. The geographic      coordinates may be converted into an associated common location      description. For example the common location description is a city name,      an address, or a distance and direction from a landmark. The geographic      coordinates, common location description, or an abbreviation thereof, is      transmitted to user equipment of a paging party. Using this service,      parents may verify the location of their children. Security agencies or      delivery services may verify and/or log the location of their personnel. 
Geographic coordinates of user equipment of a calling party are determined      either by communicating with a GPS receiver associated with the user      equipment of the calling party or by cellular triangulation. The      geographic coordinates may be converted into an associated common location      description. For example the common location description is a city name,      an address, or a distance and direction from a landmark. The common      location description, or an abbreviation thereof, is transmitted to user      equipment of a called party. Using this service, parents may verify the      location of their children. Security agencies or delivery services may      verify and/or log the location of their personnel. 
A method and apparatus for determining a reference time associated with a      satellite positioning system. In turn, the reference time, in one      embodiment, may be used to determine other navigational information. Such      navigational information may include, for example, the location/position      of a satellite positioning system (SPS) receiver. In one embodiment, a      relative velocity between an SPS receiver and a set of one or more      satellites is used to determine an offset between time as indicated by the      SPS receiver and the reference time. According to another embodiment of      the invention, an error statistic is used to determine the reference time.      According to yet another embodiment of the invention, two records, each      representing at least a portion of a satellite message, are compared to      determine time. In one implementation, the SPS receiver is mobile and      operates in conjunction with a basestation to determine time and/or other      navigational information according to one or a combination of the methods      described. 
A method for locating a satellite positioning system receiver, for example,      a satellite positioning system enabled wireless communications device in      cellular network, including obtaining a coarse position and/or a time      estimate (210), and computing a satellite positioning system based      position and/or time solution (240) that is constrained by uncertainty      information associated with the coarse position and/or a time estimate.      The uncertainty constraints may also be used to identify erroneous      measurements used to compute the position solution. 
A pulse radar device includes a VCO that oscillates a carrier wave that has      been modulated in frequency, a switch that modulates the carrier wave      generated by the VCO to a pulse wave, a transmission antenna that      transmits the pulse wave that has been modulated by the switch as an      electromagnetic wave, a reception antenna that receives a reflection wave      obtained by reflecting the electromagnetic wave that has been transmitted      by the transmission antenna by a target substance, a mixer that      demodulates the reception signal that has been received by the reception      antenna on the basis of the carrier wave that has been generated by the      VCO, and a limiter that limits an amplitude of the demodulation signal      which has been demodulated by the mixer. 
A system for allowing pilots to quickly determine weather hazard-free      flight paths and weather hazards that exist along the aircraft flight      plan. The system includes a memory, a processor, and a display device. The      memory stores weather radar return information in a three-dimensional      buffer. The processor is coupled to the memory. The processor receives a      display distance value signal, retrieves weather radar return information      stored in a plane of voxels in the three-dimensional buffer based on the      selected display distance value and aircraft position information, and      generates an image based on the retrieved weather radar return      information. The display device is coupled to the processor for displaying      the generated image. 
A system employs null angle measurements developed in response to the      detection of radiation, such as jamming, along with the positions at which      the null angles are measured, to determine the location of the radiation      source through reverse triangulation. 
A pipeline AD converter comprising a cascade of AD-converter stages,      whereby the sampling noise generated by a former stage of the cascade is      AD-converted by the next stage in the cascade and the digital signals of      the stages are combined to generate an error-reduced digital      representation of the analog input signal. Applying the input signal to a      synchronous .SIGMA..DELTA. modulator and to an asynchronous .SIGMA..DELTA.      modulator and comparing the output signals of the .SIGMA..DELTA.      modulators generates the sampling noise. 
An analog to digital converter includes a first charging circuit that      samples an input voltage during a charging phase. A first opamp has an      input that communicates with the first charging circuit during an      integrating phase. A first current source selectively generates a first      bias current for the first opamp during the charging phase and a second      bias current that is not equal to the first bias current during the      integrating phase. The first bias current is less than the second bias      current. The first current source can be a variable current source that      selectively provides the first and second bias currents during the      charging and integrating phases, respectively. Alternately, the first      current source can include two current sources. Only one of the two      current sources is connected to the first opamp during the integrating      phase. 
An input circuit of a one-chip microcomputer is connected to an external      switching circuit. When an analog input signal of a significant level      generated in the external switching circuit is received at an analog input      terminal of the input circuit, an A/D conversion start request signal is      generated in an A/D conversion start request generating circuit and is      sent to an A/D converter. The operation of the A/D converter is started in      response to the A/D conversion start request signal, the analog input      signal received at the analog input terminal is converted into digital      data, and an A/D conversion finish signal is sent from the A/D converter      to a CPU of the one-chip microcomputer. The operation of the CPU is      started in response to the A/D conversion finish signal, and the digital      data is readout to the CPU. Therefore, the A/D converter, the CPU or a      clock is not operated to wait for an analog input signal generated in the      external switching circuit, but the A/D converter is operated for the A/D      conversion, and the CPU is operated to read out the digital data.      Accordingly, an electric power consumed in the A/D converter, the CPU and      the clock can be reduced. 
A remote control device includes a case; a display section situated at an      upper section of the front face of the case; a machine section wheel      switch section situated at inside of the case, some part of the section      being exposed through the front face and containing a first wheel      operation section, a first click encoder and a first push sensor; a menu      function selection ball switch section which contains a second wheel      operation section, a second click encoder and a second push sensor; a      function selection ball switch section situated at inside of the case,      some parts of the function selection ball switch section being exposed      through the front face; a CPU which inputs, outputs and controls and      electrical signals generated by rotation of said machine selection wheel      switch section, menu selection wheel switch section and function selection      ball switch section; a signal transmitting section being connected to an      output of the CPU, and a memory having built-in machine, menu and function      selection programs; and a click sound generation section having a speaker. 
An emulator couplable to an integrated circuit, the integrated circuit      including a micro controller, a DMA controller, memory means and an ADC      and the emulator being operable to read a block of data stored in a      plurality of memory locations of the memory means and graphically to      display a representation of at least a portion of the block of data. An      integrated circuit including an ADC and reprogrammable non-volatile memory      means, the ADC being arranged to read calibration values from the      non-volatile memory means. An integrated circuit including a      microcontroller, a DAC selected from a group consisting of a string DAC      and a current source DAC and an operational amplifier coupled to the DAC      output. An integrated circuit includes analog and digital circuitry, and      has only two polysilicon layers on a C-MOS substrate. 
The variable-order delta sigma modulator of the invention is capable of      setting an optimum order in relation to a sampling frequency to be used,      when using one out of plural sampling frequencies. As to the delta sigma      modulator of the third order or higher, in a combination of two arbitrary      continued integrators constituting the modulator is furnished a means that      connects or disconnects the circuit on the second integrator side at the      part of connecting the first integrator and the second integrator, or a      means of switching the relation of connections. Connecting or      disconnecting the circuit through the means and switching the relation of      connections will set the order of the delta sigma modulator into an      optimum order in relation to a sampling frequency. 
An improved method of filtering that can be used with an analog-to-digital      converter (ADC) is disclosed herein. Multiple      discrete-time-feedback-modules (114, 116) each with current limiting (202,      204 and 222, 224) are used to sample information which is supplied to an      integrator (112) for conversion to digital form. By overlapping the      integration of these samples, and by evaluating these integration results      multiple times (TP2, TP3, TP4) per sample (TP1), using the methods      disclosed herein the advantages of increased accuracy, lower power      consumption and reduced cost may be realized. 
An improved sigma-delta converter includes a post converter filter that      receives a digital data stream. The data stream has a digital amplitude      and contains quantization noise. Quantization noise is larger for digital      amplitudes in a second larger-amplitude range than in a first      smaller-amplitude range. The post converter filter has a higher cut-off      frequency when the digital amplitude is in the first amplitude range and a      lower cut-off frequency when the digital amplitude is in the second      amplitude range. The post converter filter therefore filters out a portion      of the larger quantization noise when the digital amplitude is larger.      Quanitization noise is reduced without limiting the input signal voltage      range that can be digitized. 
Methods and structures are provided for the interleaved calibration and      subsequent correction of errors in switched-capacitor converter stages of      pipelined analog-to-digital converters. The interleaved calibration can be      run continuously or at selected times without disturbing the ongoing      processing of input data signals. With first and second sets of      capacitors, converter stages interleavably process input data signals and      input calibration signals. Once these stages have been calibrated with      their second sets of capacitors, the first and second sets are exchanged      and the converter stages subsequently process input data signals with      their second sets of capacitors. 
A serial stream interface for combining a master serial data stream      comprising a sequence of N-bit master data packets and a slave serial data      stream comprising a sequence of N-bit slave data packets. The serial      stream interface comprises: 1) a slave input interface comprising a slave      buffer having a serial input for receiving the slave serial data stream      and an N-bit slave parallel output for outputting each of the N-bit slave      data packets wherein the slave buffer stores each N-bit slave data packet      using at least one slave timing signal associated with the slave serial      data stream; 2) a source selection circuit having a first input channel      for receiving an N-bit master parallel output from a first master data      source and a second input channel coupled to the N-bit slave parallel      output; and 3) a serialization circuit having an input coupled to an      output of the source selection circuit for receiving a selected one of the      N-bit master parallel output and the N-bit slave parallel output and a      serial output, wherein the serialization circuit sequentially shifts out      each bit of the selected one of the N-bit master parallel output and the      N-bit slave parallel output. 
Techniques for reliable transmission of higher priority data within a frame      are disclosed. In one aspect, an inner code is applied to one or more      partial segments of a transmitted data frame in addition to any outer code      applied to the entire frame. In another aspect, inner coded segments of a      received frame are decoded when decoding of the outer code indicates one      or more errors within the frame. The inner coded segment is retained when      the inner decoding decodes without error. Various other aspects are also      disclosed. These aspects have the benefits of reducing the number of      retransmissions of higher priority data, as well as reducing delay for      time-sensitive segments of the frame. The result is more efficient use of      bandwidth, more responsiveness to higher priority segments, such as      signaling traffic, and capacity, power, and other efficiencies associated      therewith. 
An S/P converter 120 converts input data from serial to parallel for every      two bits in different timings, thereby outputting two types of parallel      data. Based on the input data, a timing detector 130 detects a timing      which corresponds to boundaries between bits of a data portion before      biphase encoding. Based on the detection result of the timing detector, a      selector 140 selects either one of the two types of parallel data output      from the S/P converter 120. 
Present herein is a low memory and MIPS efficient technique for decoding      Huffman codes using multi-stage, multi-bits lookup at different levels. A      binary tree is cut at levels depending on the quotient of the number of      existing nodes and the number of possible nodes. 
Methods of encoding and decoding, as well as an encoding system and a      digital communications system are provided for encoding data words into      code words and decoding code words into data words. The data words are      encoded according to a run-length-limited (RLL) code of k constraint,      the encoding producing u-bit non-zero code words. The k constraint can      be increased to a higher value by extending the u-bit non-zero code words      to generate q-bit non-zero code words. 
A device has a projection type image display unit which has a projection      lens and generates a coordinate input screen, and linear sensors for      sensing an image of a beam spot, and computes a coordinate value      corresponding to the beam spot on the basis of information obtained by the      projection type image display unit and the output signals from the linear      sensors. This beam spot is generated by irradiating the predetermined      position on the coordinate input screen with light coming from a pointing      tool, or corresponds to a light-emitting portion provided to the distal      end of the pointing tool located near the coordinate input screen. 
A method and device for compressing data to allow for a simple and rapid      evaluation of the compressed data. The invention includes the steps of     receiving and storing a possibly higher dimensional sequence of (possibly      higher dimensional) raw data with at least two datapoints,     storage of the datapoints [formally designated as decat built-in structure      of the (-1)-st order] as the record to be processed momentarily,     first decomposition of the data received by the computation of coefficients      of a 0 order decat built-in structure (overview tree/compression zero      order tree) on the basis of the data received, and determination of the      layers of the 0-th tree structure (overview tree),     at least one further decomposition (k-th decomposition, with      2.ltoreq.k.ltoreq.n and n.gtoreq.2) of the coefficients calculated with an      immediately preceding decomposition [(k-1)-th decomposition] by the      computation of coefficients of at least a further decat built-in structure      of the 1-st to (n-1)-th order, as well as the determination of layers of      the second tree structures [compression trees of the 1-st to (n-1)-th      order], and     sorting and/or filtering of the coefficients of the layers of at least the      second tree structures of the (n-1)-th order (compression trees),      preferably without having to decompress the tree structures computed again      explicitly or implicitly,     storage of those coefficients of at least the decat built-in structure of      (n-1)-th order (n-th decomposition) that are suited for reconstruction of      the data received on the basis of sorting and/or filtering. 
A foldable keyboard having a plurality of folding keyboard sections. Each      keyboard section includes a frame carrying a key set having a plurality of      keys. The key set may be movable laterally relative to the frame. The      frame with the key set is foldable with respect to an adjacent frame. The      frame provides a self-contained enclosure for the keyboard assembly when      fully closed. When opened, the keyboard assembly can be a full-size      standard QWERTY keyboard. 
An emergency light includes a base that is elongated and has a top surface      and a bottom surface. The base has a pair of oppositely positioned side      edges, the top surface has an elongated slot therein orientated generally      parallel to the side edges. A light support includes a bottom section that      has a lower side that has an elongated ridge thereon. The ridge is      removably positionable into the slot for supporting the light support on      the base in an upright manner. A strobe light is attached to the light      support. A power supply is positioned in the light support and is      electrically coupled to the strobe light. The power supply is electrically      coupled to an electrical conduit on the ridge. A recharging station is      adapted for receiving the ridge for recharging the power supply. 
An integrated, single collar measurement while-while-drilling tool is      presented that comprises formation sensors, directional sensors, pressure      sensors, a mud pulse telemetry device, and a turbine-generator power      device configured in a single collar housing that is no longer than a      standard drill collar. No electrical connections are made across drill      collar tool joints. The tool provides high reliability and ease of      transportation. 
A process for automatically assigning detector addresses in a danger      detection system, comprising a master station and at least one two-wire      detection line linked thereto to which a multiplicity of detectors are      connected wherein each detector has a capacitor for power accumulation, a      measuring resistor in one wire, an evaluation device evaluating the      voltage drop on the measuring resistor to which an address latch is      connected, and a switch controllable by the evaluation device between the      wires. 
An Internet based personal tracking system for tracking the position of a      portable location unit by a remote user comprising a web host connected to      the Internet having a computer storage medium, a portable location unit      having a processor for receiving geo-position information, and generating      geo-position data representing the position of said location unit, a      transceiver included in said location unit for transmitting said position      signal to said web host in response to a call signal being received from      said web host, a power supply for supplying power to said processor and      said transceiver; and a computer program residing on said web host having      an input module for receiving a tracking request signal from the remote      user via the Internet, a processing module for processing said tracking      request signal, and a communication module for initializing communication      with said location unit in response to tracking said request signal, and a      location module for outputting said call signal to said location unit and      for receiving said geo-position data from said location unit; and a      display module for outputting said position dataset to the remote user via      the Internet for display of the location unit s position at the remote      user s site. 
A plastic mounting plate closes a electrical box which delivers wires to an      alarm unit or emergency light or the like. The alarm unit is mounted to      the mounting plate by a snap connection and a tab-in-slot connection,      without requiring the use of a tool. The mounting plate is connected to      the electrical box by screws which engage threaded holes provided by the      electrical box. The mounting plate can be mounted to either a single-wide      electrical box or a double-wide (4.times.4) electrical box and provides      corresponding holes for connection to either box. An alternate mounting      plate for a single-wide electrical box is also provided. 
The invention is an apparatus and method for improved safety in operation      of a crane relative to the transit of a load overhead of workmen. A      initiating operator transmits a RF signal to sound a first horn alarm when      a lift commences. The initiating operator transmits a second RF signal,      when the transit of the load commences, to sound a second horn alarm which      operates asynchronously relative to the first horn alarm. A terminating      operator disengages the horn alarms when the load is placed. Workmen will      hear a Doppler effect as indicative of the direction of travel and      position of the load. 
Passive and active methods for anticipating problems with electrical wiring      are provided. An insulative material in contact with an electrical      conductor has at least one impurity that is impregnated in the insulative      material and/or disposed thereon. An environment around the electrical      conductor is monitored for the presence or the level of the impurity(ies)      emanating from the insulative material in the form of a gaseous effluent.      An alarm signal is generated when a predetermined level of the gaseous      effluent is detected. 
This invention provides an alarm system and method for adjusting the      wake-up signals. The system includes a means for tracking the behavior of      a person in a predetermined area under surveillance after the activation      of an alarm clock, and a means for determining whether the person is      motionless for a predetermined time period. Upon recognition that the      observed behavior indicates the person is still sleeping, the wake-up      signals are gradually increased. At the same time, the electrical power      supplied to a plurality of electronic devices may be increased to assist      the person to wake up. 
In the touch panel of an analog resistance film form having independent      connection electrodes to be connected via a conductive adhesive (5) to      lead electrodes (13,14) set to an opposing panel, the conductive adhesive      is made up of a main conductive filler (51) of flakes or spheres of a      particle size of 1-20 .mu.m or short fibers of a length of 1-20 .mu.m and      a spherical auxiliary conductive filler (52) having an insulating core      material (52a) coated with a conductive layer (52b) and a larger particle      size by 10-100 .mu.m than a minimum distance of contact faces of the      electrodes, both fillers dispersed in a binder, whereby the auxiliary      conductive filler is always kept in touch with the lead electrodes and      connection electrodes. 
A method and system for an early warning detection of bioterrorism events      includes obtaining temperature readings from a statistical sample of      individuals in a community, and comparing the individual readings to one      or more detection thresholds spaced apart by predetermined values with at      least one of the thresholds being below the normally accepted temperature      range defined as a low-grade fever. The comparison is then used to      identify and evaluate a community s potential infection by a biological      warfare agent so that early therapeutic action may be taken. 
A method, system and a badge utilized therein utilize both the radio      frequency (RF) and infrared (IR) parts of the electromagnetic spectrum to      locate subjects (i.e. objects and persons) within a tracking environment.      The system includes a battery-operated, microprocessor-based badge for      each subject to be located. Each badge automatically transmits: (1)      shorter interval, digitized, infrared light signals to identify a      delimited area zone of its subject s location; (2) shorter interval,      digitized, lower power RF signals to provide a local area zone of its      subject s location; and (3) longer interval, digitized, higher power RF      signals to provide a wide area zone of its subject s location. Each badge      transmits uniquely identifiable IR and higher power RF signals upon      actuation of one or more push button switches integrated on the badge or a      change of state of one or more external switch connections. Each higher      power, longer interval, RF signal is a supervisory pulse. This pulse      informs a host computer that the badge is in range of an RF receiver and      is functional. 
A method and apparatus for testing the proper operation of an electronic      pet containment transmitter. The transmitter includes an internal short      loop antenna that is used to activate the receiver unit when it is brought      into close proximity of the transmitter. 
A system for generating an excitation field for excitation of a leadless      marker assembly. One aspect of the system comprises a source generator      assembly having a power supply, an energy storage device, a switching      network and a source coil interconnected and configured to deliver a      magnetic excitation signal waveform. The power supply is configured to      deliver power to energize the energy storage device. The switching network      is configured to: direct electrical current through the source coil;      alternately switch between a first on position and a second on position;      alternately transfer stored energy from the energy storage device to the      source coil and to transfer stored energy from the source coil back to the      energy storage device; and the source coil being coupled to the switching      network to generate an excitation signal. 
An RFID transponder is provided with an active backscatter amplifier that      amplifies and re-transmits a received signal. The RFID transponder      comprises an antenna and a circulator having a first port connected to the      antenna. A modulator is connected to a second port of the circulator. An      amplifier is connected to a third port of the circulator, with the      amplifier connected to the modulator. An RF signal impinging upon the      antenna passes through the circulator, the amplifier, and the modulator,      and returns to the antenna through the circulator. The modulator further      comprises an input coupled to the second port of the circulator and an      output coupled to an input of the amplifier. The amplifier has an output      coupled to the third port of the circulator. The modulator is adapted to      modulate the RF signal using on-off keying. 
A cost effective system for testing smoke detectors and determining and      communicating the operating characteristics thereof, advantageously uses      existing circuitry components in a secondary communication function. With      this arrangement, a low powered RF reporting signal is transmitted from      the smoke detector and can be received within several feet of the      detector. Preferably the RF signal is produced by a pulsed input signal      provided to an existing coil which is part of the circuitry used to      produce and/or report alarm signals. A receiving arrangement is also      disclosed which can be located in close proximity to a smoke detector      which has been activated to report the operating characteristics thereof.      These characteristics can then be analyzed to determine whether preventive      maintenance is appropriate. 
A vehicle locating system, comprising a hand-held transponder in      communication with a vehicle-installed transponder. The hand-held      transponder is carried by a user upon exiting a vehicle. The      vehicle-installed transponder remains within the vehicle. The hand-held      transponder includes an activation signal generator and a homing signal      receiver. Correspondingly, the vehicle-installed transponder includes an      activation signal receiver and a homing signal generator. Upon receipt of      an activation signal from the hand-held transponder, the homing signal      generator emits a homing signal which is detected by the homing signal      receiver located within the hand-hold transponder. A signal strength      controlled modulator causes a speaker within the hand-held transponder to      emit sound and also causes a light emitting diode to emit light, such that      the period of the emitted sound and light is proportional to the distance      between the hand-held transponder and the vehicle-installed transponder,      thereby allowing a user to easily locate the vehicle. 
Network-enabled devices are configured to report changes of state to a      monitoring system. The monitoring system is configured to filter each      change of state to determine whether the change of state constitutes a      reportable event, based on a profile associated with the device. If the      event is reportable, it is communicated to one or more other      network-enabled devices. Each device is also configured to periodically      verify its presence to the monitoring system, and the unexplained absence      of the device is treated as a change of state of state of the device. In      like manner, a change to the profile of a device is also treated as a      change of state of the device. 
A system for remote monitoring of vehicle tire pressure includes monitors      mounted in the tires, each including a tire pressure sensor, a transmitter      for transmitting a tire pressure signal, a battery for the transmitter,      and a receiver for receiving an initiation signal. Initiators are mounted      on-board the vehicle, each initiator associated with one of the tire      monitors. Each initiator is for use in generating a low frequency      initiation signal for receipt by a tire receiver to cause the transmitter      to transmit a tire pressure signal. A vehicle mounted controller activates      the initiators in order to generate the low frequency initiation signals,      and processes the tire pressure signals to convey tire pressure      information to a user. The controller further activates the initiators in      order to generate a low frequency electromagnetic field for use in      recharging the batteries in the tire monitors. 
An air pressure detection device for a wheel includes an air pressure      sensor provided on the side of a tire for detecting the tire pressure. A      detection and transmission unit (transmission unit) is provided for      transmitting information detected by the air pressure sensor. An electric      cell is provided for driving the detection and transmission unit. The air      pressure sensor is located inside the tire and is integrally fitted to an      air valve. The electric cell is fitted to a portion of the air valve      projecting from a rim. The invention enhances the fitting property of the      air pressure sensor, and enhances the convenience in exchange of the      electric cell. 
A three-dimensional (3-D) interactive display and method of forming the      same, includes a transparent capaciflector (TC) camera formed on a      transparent shield layer on the screen surface. A first dielectric layer      is formed on the shield layer. A first wire layer is formed on the first      dielectric layer. A second dielectric layer is formed on the first wire      layer. A second wire layer is formed on the second dielectric layer. Wires      on the first wire layer and second wire layer are grouped into groups of      parallel wires with a turnaround at one end of each group and a sensor pad      at the opposite end. An operational amplifier is connected to each of the      sensor pads and the shield pad biases the pads and receives a signal from      connected sensor pads in response to intrusion of a probe. The signal is      proportional to probe location with respect to the monitor screen. 
The invention provides a device for measuring the pressure of a tire. The      device comprises a microcontroller configured to calculate a target      pressure, a pressure sensor coupled to the microcontroller for measuring      an internal pressure of the tire, a first temperature sensor coupled to      the microcontroller for measuring an internal temperature of the tire, a      user input coupled to the microcontroller for inputting a recommended      pressure for the tire, a second temperature sensor coupled to the      microcontroller for measuring an ambient temperature, and, a display      coupled to the microcontroller for indicating the internal pressure of the      tire and the target pressure. The microcontroller converts the recommended      pressure into the target pressure based on a ratio of the internal      temperature in Kelvin to the ambient temperature in Kelvin, such that a      user is able to inflate and deflate the tire until the display indicates      that the internal pressure is equal to the target pressure. 
A vehicle display system comprises a plurality of display units and a      controller unit. Each display unit has a receiver for receiving measured      data indicating a state of the vehicle, and a driver controller for      controlling an indicator driver according to the measured data. The      controller unit has a transmitter for transmitting the measured data to      the plurality of display units and a transmitter controller for      controlling the transmission. Each display unit further comprises a      generator for generating response data indicating a state of the indicator      driver and a transmitter for transmitting the response data to the      controller unit. The controller unit further comprises a receiver for      receiving each response data and a comparator for comparing each response      data with the measured data to judge whether each indicator driver is      controllable or not. Further, the transmitter controller controls      according to a judged result. 
An object-presence alert is given to a driver by a vehicular side-object      detection system in response to a remote sensor for sensing objects in a      predetermined zone of interest along side a vehicle. The zone of interest      includes a front region and a rear region, and the remote sensor provides      sensor data to generate a set of localized detection points. When      detection points are sensed in the zone of interest, then a plurality of      respective sets of detection points are collected at successive sample      times. For each of the sets of detection points, a tracking type of the      object within the zone of interest is determined in comparison to a speed      of the vehicle and the object is classified as either a moving vehicle or      a stationary object in response to the tracking type and in response to      locations of the detection points in the zone of interest. If the object      first appeared in a region other than the front region, then a short      observation period is selected including a first predetermined number of      sets of detection points and otherwise a long detection period is selected      including a second predetermined number of sets of detection points longer      than the first predetermined number. A number of times that the object is      classified as a moving vehicle within the selected observation period is      compared to a predetermined percentage threshold and the alert is      initiated if classified as a moving vehicle for greater than the      predetermined percentage threshold. 
A method and a device for detecting road users and obstacles on the basis      of camera images, in order to determine their distance from the observer      and to classify them. In a two-step classification, potential other      parties involved in a collision are detected and identified. In so doing,      in a first step, potential other parties involved in a collision are      marked in the image data of a mono-image camera; their distance and      relative velocity are subsequently determined so that endangering objects      can be selectively subjected to a type classification in real time. By      breaking down the detection activity into a plurality of steps, the      real-time capability of the system is also rendered possible using      conventional sensors already present in the vehicle. 
This invention provides a system to detect in real time the condition of      jackknifing tendency during vehicle-trailer backing up, and to provide      steering direction assistance. The system utilizes rates of change of a      vehicle-trailer articulation angle to determine a critical articulation      angle. 
A controller (1) holds appliance data acquired from an appliance (3)      regularly and without loss. A display terminal (2) is capable of moving to      other rooms through a receptacle and holds the appliance data acquired      from the appliance (3). When there is loss in the appliance data for a      part of time period because of a move and the like, the display terminal      (2) executes acquisition request to the controller (1) to acquire this      non-collected data of the appliance. The controller (1) transmits the      appliance data to the display terminal (2) in response to the request of      the display terminal (2). The display terminal (2) acquires (or      complements) the non-collected data from the controller (1) and display      the data. 
A method of inventory management is described. Upon activation of a button      on a wireless device, the wireless device having a light source and a      transceiver with a unique media address corresponding to a unique product,      the device broadcasts a first signal including an order command and the      unique media address by the transceiver via a wireless medium. A central      controller then receives the first signal, identifies the unique media      address included in the first signal, and using a database, identifies the      unique product associated with the unique media address. 
A keyless access control device and method for a vehicle having a door and      a door handle includes transmitting a code from a transceiver while a      cover covers the door handle to prevent a user from actuating the door      handle. A transponder of the user transmits an answer to the transceiver      upon receipt of the code. The answer is checked to conduct a preliminary      verification of whether the user is authorized to access the vehicle. The      cover uncovers the door handle if the preliminary verification indicates      that the user is authorized to access the vehicle. A bidirectional      question and answer dialog takes place between the transceiver and the      transponder to conduct a final verification of whether the user is      authorized to access the vehicle upon the user actuating the door handle.      The door is unlocked if the final verification is indicative of the user      having access to the vehicle. 
An identification apparatus comprising an array of retractable conductive      pins on a base component placed onto a primary device and in communication      therewith. A set of shaped identifiers have a plurality of holes through      which respective pins on the array of retractable pins pass, each      identifier being uniquely configured with at least one distinct location      containing a conductive plug or `cap` fitted therein which blocks the      passage therethrough of that particular pin thereby forcing said pin to      retract into the base component to block further use of that pin by      subsequently placed identifiers. Each retractable pin is in individual      communication with the primary device such that, once one or more      identifiers have been placed onto the pin array, the primary device can      thereafter identify the placed identifiers so as to subsequently perform      certain functions or other desired operations based on the type,      configuration, and/or number of identifiers placed thereon. 
Plural security units are coupled to plural control units through a      communication line including transmission and response lines. Each control      unit detects data collision on the transmission line to avoid the data      collision. Re-transmission interval is independently assigned to each      control unit. If the command to or from a security unit in charge of this      control unit is received, the control unit rewrites the conditional data      of the security unit in accordance with the detected command. The control      (security) unit further includes a transmission (response) line monitoring      portion, so that bi-directional communication is provided in addition of      the response (transmission) line monitoring portion. Address data is      classified to provide all unit communication, a group communication, and      independent communications. 
A system, method, and method of manufacturing directed to an optical device      with increased accuracy in tracking ability. The increased accuracy can be      achieved by using a multiple sensor system. A second sensor is added to      the optical device. The second sensor increases the probability of      obtaining a high quality image. Thus, the tracking ability of the device      can be performed with greater accuracy over a single sensor device. The      second sensor can also perform additional functions. 
A potentiometer, used in particular as a position sensor or position      transducer is disclosed, which has at least one wiper path and one wiper      that has at least one contact element (19), resting with a contact face      (20) on the wiper path and electrically contacting the wiper path; the      wiper and the wiper path are movable toward one another. To reduce costs      by reducing the amount of noble metal used for the contacting in the      potentiometer, the contact element (19) has an electrically conductive      core (21) and a noble metal jacket (22), surrounding the core (21), whose      annular end face at least partly forms the contact face (20) (FIG. 4). 
An electrical circuit protection device with three supporting substrates,      two PTC elements, and first and second end terminations. The first and      third substrates have an electrode formed on a first surface thereof. The      second substrate has electrodes formed on both surfaces thereof. The first      PTC element is laminated between the first and second substrates,      electrically connecting the first electrodes formed on the first and second substrates. The second PTC      element is laminated between the second and third substrates, electrically      connecting the second electrode formed on the second substrate and the      first electrode formed on the third substrate. The end terminations wraps      around opposite ends of the device. The first end termination is in      electrical contact with the first electrodes formed on the second and      third substrates and the second end termination is in electrical contact      with the first electrode formed on the first substrate and the second      electrode formed on the second substrate. The PTC elements are      electrically connected in parallel between the end terminations. The      multi-layered configuration allows for an increased electrical rating      without increasing the overall footprint, i.e., length and width, of the      device. 
Quantity of flux coated on fusible alloy of a thermal fuse disclosed can be      inspected accurately by an image processing method. The thermal fuse      comprises:     (a) first insulation film 11 coupled with a pair of metal terminals 12;     (b) fusible alloy 13 coupled between ends of the metal terminals 12, being      placed above first insulation film 11;     (c) flux 14 coated on fusible alloy 13; and     (d) second insulation film 15 disposed on first insulation film 11 so that      an internal space is formed, being placed above fusible alloy 13,     wherein at least either of first insulation film 11 or second insulation      film 15 is transparent or translucent, and flux 14 has the Gardner color      scale from 4 to 16. 
An inductor assembly for use in RF and microwave circuits wherein the      inductor is formed of a first spiral wound metal strip that is mounted on      a flat surface of a quartz substrate. A metal strip is formed of copper      and has a height above the flat surface that is about 30 microns. 
An electromagnet assembly for an electromagnetic apparatus has a ring      member, a coil bobbin having an electrical wire wound a spool of the ring      member, and a ring case. The ring member is disposed in an annular groove      of the ring case. An opening is formed through the ring case adjacent to      its closed end surface. A connector, which is disposed on the ring case      and covers the opening, includes a case having a closed shape and a      bottom, and a cap closing an open end of the case. Ends of the electrical      wire and ends of a lead wire are joined in the connector. A projection      portion is formed around a fringe portion of a first end surface of the      cap and abuts an open end surface of the case. The cap is secured fixedly      to the case after the projection portion is melted. 
In order to cool the windings, core and optionally the wall of the element      (1) receiving the windings (3,4) and the core (2) as effectively as      possible, conducting surfaces (5, 6, 8,15) are disposed inside said      element in such a way that the flow of coolant initially passes along the      windings (3,4), followed by the limbs (21,22) of the core surrounded by      the windings, and subsequently the other areas (23, 24, 1). Said      arrangement of conducting surfaces is particularly suitable for use with      transformers having superconductive windings made of HTSL conductor      material. 
A support surface that utilizes repulsive forces of opposing magnetic      fields is described. In preferred embodiments, the support apparatus      includes first and second frame members having first and second      pluralities of magnets disposed thereon. The pluralities of magnets are      oriented such that the first plurality of magnets produces a magnetic      field having an orientation that opposes the magnetic fields of the      magnets of the second plurality. The first and second frame members      interact such that they maintain a substantially static lateral position      relative to each other despite the repulsive forces of the opposing      magnetic fields. A support member, such as a cushion member, is disposed      adjacent one of the frame members, and can be connected thereto. A      covering can surround the entire assembly. In particularly preferred      embodiments, the frame members have dimensions similar to those of      conventional mattresses, and the cover confers the appearance of a      conventional mattress onto the support apparatus. 
The object of the present invention is to minimize the residual magnetic      induction in a circular pole piece included in a magnetic circuit for      magnetic resonance imaging. A circular pole piece is divided into two      portions, that is, a center portion and a marginal portion. A soft      magnetic material that exhibits a high permeability (for example, 10000 or      more) with a relatively small external magnetic field (for example,      ranging from 20 A/m to 60 A/m) applied thereto is adopted as a soft      magnetic material to be made into a center-portion laminate block. A soft      magnetic material that exhibits a high permeability (for example, 6000 or      more) with a relatively large external magnetic field (for example,      ranging from 50 A/m to 150 A/m) applied thereto is adopted as a soft      magnetic material to be made into a marginal-portion laminate block 103b.      Consequently, since the residual magnetic induction in the circular pole      piece can be minimized, the degradation in image quality attributable to a      residual magnetic induction can be prevented. 
An electromagnetic actuator includes two electromagnets spaced apart from      one another, an armature that is movable back and forth by magnetic force      between the electromagnets against the force of two respectively      counteracting springs, and setting means for adjusting the actuator to      have a low energy requirement. To this end, the springs are pre-stressed      such that the same energy is stored in both springs in connection with a      maximum compression of the springs corresponding to the maximum stroke      travel distance of the armature. The actuator is useful for actuating a      valve to control the gas exchange in an internal combustion machine. 
Remote monitoring of superconducting magnet systems of various types,      manufacturers, vintages, and so forth, via a magnet selector interface      providing for configuring the monitoring system to the particular magnet      system of interest. The technique provides for scalable analogue to      digital conversion with integrated excitation circuitry for the input and      output of magnet system sensors. Devices, such as remote terminal units      and other data-logging technology may be adapted to remotely monitor      primary indicators and secondary indicators of magnet system performance      and related boil-off of helium. The technique provides earlier warning of      impending failures in the magnet system, and thus facilitates predictive      maintenance, reduces maintenance costs, reduces MRI downtime, reduces      helium loss, and the like. 
The present invention 10 discloses a computer mouse having a body with an      ovate palm support area 38 and a planar peripherally receding support 42      for the hypothenar mass and left 40 and right anterior buttons 44      eccentrically positioned askew the apex of the ovate form with one button      located on a platform 46 and elevated and angularly positioned relative to      the other button 40 that is substantially planar. The button platform 46      could also be selectively movable along a limited distance of the anterior      periphery of the body to allow a user 12 to adjust the present invention      10 to conform to different sized hands and fingers of varying lengths. The      present invention 10 is designated to elevate the wrist 20 by supporting      the palm so the hand 24 is comfortably bent slightly downward and not in      the unnatural upward angle with the writs 20 resting on the surface area      thereby applying pressure thereto and affecting the related nerves and      arteries passing through the underside of the wrist 20 that is common in      the prior art. 
An implantable magnet that can freely turn in response to an external      magnetic field, thus avoiding torque and demagnetization on the      implantable magnet. The implantable magnet can be combined with an      electric switching function depending on the orientation of an external      magnetic field, thus protecting an implanted coil and/or implant      electronics against induction of over-voltage or performing an electric      switching function for other various purposes. The magnetic switch may      further include, for example, a first switching contact and a second      switching contact. A magnetically soft body that includes an electrically      conductive surface is shiftable between a first position where the body is      in simultaneous contact with the first and second switching contacts, and      a second position where the body is out of contact with at least one of      the first and second switching contacts. The body and the implantable      magnet are positioned such that the body is shifted to one of the first      position and the second position as a function of the external magnetic      field resulting in a magnetic force between the magnet and the      magnetically soft body. 
The present invention provides a wire lug arc vent barrier for protecting a      wire lug in a molded case circuit breaker, with the circuit breaker having      a housing with a terminal for a load connection and a terminal for a line      connection. The wire lug/arc vent barrier comprises a body having a first      end including a tang, a second end including an elongated finger and a      middle portion between the first end and the second end defining a concave      space, with an opening at each of the middle portion, wherein the body is      mounted in the housing. 
A unitary operating mechanism assembly for a circuit breaker that includes      a frame assembly having a planar member with a first pivot point located      thereon, a handle member rotatably attached to the frame assembly at the      first pivot point and structured to move between a first, closed position,      a second, open position having an intermediate position therebetween, and      a third, reset position, an operating arm coupled to the handle member and      structured to move between a first and second position, and a trip device      attached to the frame assembly and structured to move the handle member      between the first, closed position and the intermediate position upon the      occurrence of a predefined condition. The trip device causes the handle      member to rotate upon the occurrence of a predefined condition, such as an      overcurrent, thereby causing the operating arm to rotate and wherein none      of the components except the frame assembly is attached to the housing.      That is, the handle member, operating arm, or trip device are not attached      to a circuit breaker housing. 
A circuit breaker includes a molded case comprised of a case and a cover.      Terminal parts to be connected to a power supply and a load are provided      respectively at front and rear ends of the molded case. A control      mechanism for switching a movable contact is disposed between the front      and rear terminal parts. The cover is divided into three parts for      covering the control mechanism and the terminal parts disposed at front      and rear of the control mechanism, respectively. The front and rear parts      of the cover covering the terminal parts are detachably mounted on the      molded case as terminal covers. 
The present invention relates to an electrical relay in which a solid slug      is moved within a channel and used to make or break an electrical      connection. The solid slug is moved by electromagnets. In the preferred      embodiment, the slug is wetted by a conducting liquid, such as liquid      metal, that also adheres to wettable contact pads within the channel to      provide a latching mechanism. The relay is amenable to manufacture by      micro-machining techniques. 
The present invention relates to a rotary signal coupler, that is to say a      device for providing signal coupling between two components which are      rotatable relative to each other. A coupler is provided comprising a first      substantially circular track secured to a first support and a second      substantially circular track secured to a second support which is      rotatable relative to the first support. The first and second tracks are      coaxial with the axis of rotation of the rotatable second support and are      adjacent each other so as to provide signal coupling therebetween. The      second track has at least two gaps therein which form electrical      discontinuities between separated track portions. The separated track      portions are electrically connected to one another. Signal coupling with a      rotatable support having a relatively large diameter may be thereby      improved. 
According to an embodiment of the present invention, a capacitor comprising      field effect transistors and a bias transistor. 
A filter assembly includes a ceramic substrate. A die including a film bulk      acoustic resonator receive-band filter, positioned on the ceramic      substrate, having an input and an output, includes a plurality of film      bulk acoustic resonators. The filter assembly includes a first and a      second loop of current. The first loop includes a first wire bond      connected to the input of the die, and a second wire bond connected to a      first one of the plurality of film bulk acoustic resonators. The second      loop includes a third wire bond connected to the output of the die, and a      fourth wire bond connected to a second one of the plurality of film bulk      acoustic resonators, wherein the first loop induces parasitic current in      the second loop. The first and the second wire bonds are positioned      proximate to one another to minimize the area of the first loop, and the      third and the fourth wire bonds are positioned proximate to one another to      minimize the area of the second loop. 
