A circuit for processing radio frequency signals. The circuit includes a      substrate where the circuit can be placed. The substrate can be a meta      material and can incorporate at least one dielectric layer. A quarter-wave      transformer and at least one ground can be coupled to the substrate. The      dielectric layer can include a first region with a first set of substrate      properties and a second region with a second set of substrate properties.      Substrate properties can include a permittivity and a permeability. A      substantial portion of the quarter-wave transformer can be coupled to the      second region. The permittivity and/or permeability of the second region      can be higher than the permittivity and/or permeability of the first      region. 
Systems and methods of pointing in hand-held devices are described. In      accordance with this scheme, a user may control the position where a      pointer is displayed on a display screen simply by changing the      orientation of the hand-held device relative to a currently preferred      device orientation, which is tracked automatically. In addition,      unintentional device orientation changes, such as periodic device      orientation changes that might be caused by carrying the hand-held device      while walking or driving, are filtered out dynamically. In this way, the      pointer may be positioned accurately and reliably at any one of a      plurality of pointer screen locations based upon changes in device      orientation under a wide variety of different usage conditions. 
An RF microcircuit package and interconnection device is disclosed which      minimizes impedance mismatch between circuit elements. Multiple signal via      and close proximity ground vias as well as tuned wire bonds are disclosed. 
An amplitude control device for a signal output by an oscillator includes a      rectification circuit for rectifying the output signal, and a differential      amplification circuit for generating a biasing current control signal for      the oscillator. The biasing current control signal is based upon the      output signal from the rectification circuit and a reference voltage. A      dividing bridge and an adder are designed so that only a fraction of the      reference voltage is used to define the amplitude of the oscillations. The      contribution made to the oscillator phase noise by the reference voltage      noise is considerably reduced. 
The present invention provides circuitry for maintaining the desired phase      noise across the tuning range of a frequency synthesizer by compensating      the voltage controlled oscillator (VCO) bias current according to various      tuning parameters available within the frequency synthesizer, thereby      reducing overall current drain and inductor quality factor requirements.      In general, the present invention includes a VCO bias circuit capable of      controlling the VCO bias current in response to a control signal provided      by additional circuitry based on the operating frequency of the frequency      synthesizer. Further, the VCO bias current changes in response to changing      the operating frequency of the frequency synthesizer. 
A voltage-controlled oscillator in which a tunable resonator (102) having a      first port (132) and a second port (106) is disclosed. In one embodiment,      the tunable resonator is a series resonating circuit having low driving      and load impedances. A power gain element (108) is coupled to the first      port and the second port, and an output port (110) is coupled to the power      gain element and the second port. The first impedance at the first and      second ports is less than approximately ten ohms. The voltage-controlled      oscillator is capable of generating a signal at the output port of greater      than approximately half a watt. 
A manufacturing method of voltage control oscillator (VCO) has the      following steps. Firstly, a baseboard having an opening is provided. Then,      an adjustable electronic device is installed on the baseboard, and an      adjustable area of the adjustable device faces the opening of the      baseboard. Also, a set of elements including a cover is installed on the      baseboard. Then, the adjustable area of the adjustable electronic device      is adjusted through the opening of the baseboard. Finally, the baseboard,      the adjustable electronic device, and the set of elements make up one      adjusted voltage control oscillator. The adjusted voltage control      oscillator is then installed on another circuit board, and the surface of      the circuit board and the opening form a sheltering space for the      adjustable area of the adjustable electronic device. 
An oscillation apparatus has a multi-mode dielectric resonant element; a      plurality of oscillation circuits, each including a line coupled to the      dielectric resonant element and active devices connected to ends of the      line; and a substrate having the lines and the active devices provided      thereon. The dielectric resonant element is placed on the substrate. The      magnetic fields, occurring in the dielectric resonant element, in a      plurality of resonant modes having different resonant frequencies are      coupled to the corresponding lines in the plurality of oscillation      circuits. 
A gain compensator compensates for the gain variation of a varactor-tuned      voltage tuned oscillator (VCO) in a phase lock loop (PLL). The VCO      includes a parallel LC circuit having multiple fixed capacitors that can      be switched-in or switched-out of the LC circuit according to a capacitor      control signal to perform band-select tuning of the VCO. The gain      compensator compensates for the variable VCO gain by generating a charge      pump reference current that is based on the same capacitor control signal      that controls the fixed capacitors in the LC circuit. The gain compensator      generates the charge pump reference current by replicating a reference      scale current using unit current sources. The number of times the      reference scale current is replicated is based on the fixed capacitance      that is switched-in to the LC circuit and therefore the frequency band of      the PLL. The reference scale current is generated based on a PLL control      that specifics certain PLL characteristics such as reference frequency,      loop bandwidth, and loop damping. Therefore, the reference pump current      can be efficiently optimized for changing PLL operating conditions, in      addition to compensating for variable VCO gain. 
A frequency response adjuster for a frequency responsive circuit, and a      method for tuning a frequency response of a circuit, are disclosed. The      adjuster may include a time constant sensor, wherein a charging state of      the frequency responsive circuit may be measured by, and output from, the      time constant sensor as a first voltage, a converter that samples the      first voltage and outputs a second voltage resultant from a conversion of      the first voltage by the converter, an array of trimming components, and a      selector that utilizes the second voltage to select at least one trimming      component from the array of trimming components. The method includes the      steps of sensing a time constant of the circuit, outputting the sensing as      a first voltage, sampling the first voltage over a fixed interval,      converting the sampled first voltage to a second voltage, and selecting,      utilizing the second voltage, at least one trimming component from an      array of trimming components. The time constant of the circuit may be      trimmed by the at least one trimming component selected. 
An apparatus comprising three sampling circuits to sample incoming data and      a quarter clock. A clock generation unit is included to generate at least      three sampling clocks from a local clock. Each of the three sampling      clocks are configured to sample the incoming data and the quarter clock. A      phase detector is also included to detect a phase difference between the      quarter clock and the local clock and to generate a recovered quarter      clock. A delay line is further included to delay the sampled incoming data      and the recovered quarter clock by the detected phase difference. 
An electrically tunable radio frequency (RF) amplifier includes a resonant      circuit having a voltage variable capacitance as one of its elements. In      one approach, a drain diffusion capacitance of one of the transistors      within the amplifier is used as the voltage variable capacitance. A      voltage adjustment unit is provided to adjust a bias voltage on the      voltage variable capacitance to change the capacitance value thereof and      thus modify the operating frequency range of the amplifier. In one      embodiment, the voltage adjustment unit also provides a power supply noise      blocking function. 

An electronic device has a case and a screen attached to the case. The      screen indicates a cursor position. The electronic device further has an      input device mounted to the case. The input device includes a curved      surface for detecting an object disposed on the curved surface using a      light path that transfers an image of the object to an optical sensor. The      optical sensor detects the movement of the object across the curved      surface and in response, the input device manipulates the cursor position. 
An equalizer circuit for equalizing first and second differential input      signals comprises a differential pair, a reactive load, and first and      second input followers. The differential pair defines first and second      input nodes and first and second output nodes, and the reactive load is      coupled to the differential pair. The first input follower circuit is      connected to the first input node of the differential pair and is operable      to receive the first differential input signal and to receive a first      feedback signal from the differential pair and in response to generate a      first input signal at the first input node of the differential pair. The      second input follower circuit is connected to the second input node of the      differential pair and is operable to receive the second differential input      signal and to receive a second feedback signal from the differential pair      and in response to generate a second input signal at the second input node      of the differential pair. 
Various embodiments of methods and apparatus for an amplifier with wide      output voltage swing are disclosed. The amplifier may include multiple      output stages, each associated with a distinct supply voltage. Each output      stage may contribute current to the output of the amplifier over a range      of amplifier output voltages and these ranges may overlap. Each output      stage may contribute current until the amplifier output voltage reaches      the supply voltage associated with that output stage. The amplifier output      may be as great as the largest supply voltage minus a drop equal to Rdson      for an output transistor multiplied by the output current. In a CMOS      implementation, this voltage drop may be approximately 0.15V. When the      amplifier output voltage is close to the supply voltage associated with an      output stage, both that output stage and the output stage associated with      the next highest supply voltage may contribute to the amplifier output. 
A final-stage power amplification transistor is formed of unit transistors      arranged in a mixed manner in a region in which the final output      amplification transistors for a multi-band power amplifier is formed.      Furthermore, an inductance element is connected between output signal      lines to which the final output stage transistors are coupled. Thus, the      final-stage transistors in a dual band power amplifier can be made free      from current concentration due to heat generation without impairing      inter-band isolation. 
A high frequency power amplifier circuit comprises an input circuit      receiving an input signal; a first cascode stage connected to the input      circuit and a DC voltage source and comprising at least one FET having a      source, a drain, and a gate; an second cascode stage comprising: at least      one bipolar transistor having an emitter, a collector and a base and being      supplied by the first cascode stage and receiving the input signal from      the first cascode stage, and a delimiting means, preferably a diode,      connected to the bipolar transistor and adapted to reduce the voltage      level at the drain of the FET or the emitter of the bipolar transistor      respectively; and an output circuit connected to the second cascode stage      and outputting an output signal. 
An amplifier includes multiple gain ranges. The gain range can be set by      electrically adding or removing load devices. 
A communication system comprising a power amplifier coupled to a detector      and further coupled to a Bias generator. The detector comprises a      controlled amplifier means for generating an output signal (Th_S), the      said signal Th_S being indicative for the power of an input signal and      having a controllable bias level. The Bias Generator comprises a Level      Sensitive Current Generator (LSCG) for generating a current (Cc)      controlled by the output signal Th_S. Said LSCG has a threshold level (TL)      such that when the output Th_S signal is lower than the TL the current Cc      is substantially zero. Otherwise the current Cc is linearly controlled by      the signal Th_S. The Bias Generator further comprises an adapter coupled      to the LSCG comprising a current controlled adapting means for generating      a control signal (C_S) for controlling a property of the amplifier, the      control signal C_S having a controllable linear dependency on the current      Cc. 
Provided is a system for implementing gain control in an amplification      module comprising a first stage amplifier having a number of first stage      input and output ports. The first stage amplifier is configured to provide      first stage amplification to a received input signal and produce from the      amplified input signal a number of output signals. Also included are a      number of second stage amplifiers, each having second stage input and      output ports, the second stage input ports being respectively coupled to      the first stage output ports and being configured to receive the number of      output signals. A gain control device is coupled to at least one from the      group including the first stage input ports, the first stage output ports,      and the second stage output ports. The gain control device is also      configured to control a gain of at least one of the first stage amplifier      and one or more of the number of second stage amplifiers. 
The amplifier device contains a first amplifier element having a first      input and a first output. The first output is fed back via a negative      feedback path to the input. The negative feedback path contains a      controlled current source which brings about a reduction in the noise and      also a real finite input impedance. 
The signal amplifier of this invention includes a noise amplifier that      amplifies a difference between a first ground potential and a second      ground potential, and an adding amplifier that superposes an analog input      signal on an output potential of the noise amplifier, and amplifies a      difference between the first ground potential and a potential having the      analog input signal and the output potential superposed. Thus, the adding      amplifier superposes the noises amplified by the noise amplifier on the      analog input signal, and thereafter amplifies the difference between the      first ground potential and the potential thus superposed. Thereby, the      signal amplifier is able to amplify only the analog input signal, without      amplifying the noises of the first ground potential or the second ground      potential. 
In a feedforward amplifier with a dual loop in which a distortion injection      path of a distortion elimination circuit 50 is provided as a feedforward      configuration composed of a first auxiliary amplifier distortion      elimination circuit 60 and a first auxiliary amplifier distortion      elimination circuit, a second variable attenuator 55 and a second variable      phase shifter 56 are provided preceding the distortion detection circuit      60, a second pilot signal injected between stages of a main amplifier 14      is detected by a directional coupler 85, and the second variable      attenuator 55 and the second variable phase shifter 56 are controlled by a      second controller 97 to minimize the level of the detected second pilot      signal, thereby bringing the distortion elimination circuit and the first      auxiliary distortion detection circuit into balance at the same time. 
A serial data cursor for extracting content from an analog waveform      representing a serial digital data stream has a horizontal length equal to      a word-time as determined by parameters of a protocol for the serial      digital data stream and a clock recovered from the serial digital data      stream. The serial data cursor delimits a portion of the analog waveform,      which is then decoded into human readable form, such as binary, octal,      hexadecimal, alpha-numeric or the like. A trigger may be generated from a      specific parameter of the protocol, such as a frame start, so that the      serial data cursor initially highlights a first data word of a frame of      the serial digital data stream. Alternatively the decoded portion of the      analog waveform may be compared to the specific parameter, and the serial      data cursor incremented by a bit-time until the specific parameter is      found in the serial digital data stream. 
A low noise amplifier (LNA) has a selectable bypass signal path integrated      into the same integrated circuit (IC) as the amplifier components. In a      normal mode of operation, an integrated mode switch allows an appropriate      biasing signal to be applied LNA transistors, which function to amplify an      input signal and produce an amplified output signal. In an attenuation      mode, which is activated to handle large input signals, the LNA      transistors are switched off and the input signal is attenuated by a      voltage divider, which provides an attenuated output on a signal path that      bypasses the LNA amplifier. An attenuation switching signal not only      operates the mode switch in the LNA, but also selects between the normal      and bypass outputs of the LNA, for further amplification downstream of the      LNA. 
The present invention includes a power amplifying stage having a power      amplifying element having a main electrode and a control electrode, and a      bias control circuit that is supplied with a bias switching voltage and an      operating point adjusting voltage for adjusting the bias voltage value to      the control electrode of the power amplifying element by the bias      switching voltage and the operating point adjusting voltage and hence      adjusting the operating point of the power amplifying element, wherein the      bias control circuit adjusts the operating point of the power amplifying      element by switching between supply and stop of the bias voltage to the      control electrode of the power amplifying element by the bias switching      voltage, and varying the bias voltage value to be supplied to the control      electrode of the power amplifying element by the operating point adjusting      voltage in phase. 
A power amplifier circuit for receiving a variable envelope input signal      and for producing an amplified output signal is provided. The power      amplifier circuit includes an envelope approximation circuit, an envelope      amplifier circuit, a phasor approximation circuit, a quadrature modulation      circuit, and a power amplifier. The envelope approximation circuit      receives the variable envelope input signal and produces a bandlimited      estimated envelope signal, corresponding to the amplitude of the variable      envelope input signal. The bandlimited estimated envelope signal is then      amplified by an envelope amplifier circuit. The amplified envelope signal      is then coupled to the supply input of the power amplifier. The phasor      approximation circuit receives the variable envelope input signal and      produces a bandlimited estimated phasor signal. The quadrature modulation      circuit receives the estimated phase signal and produces a modulated phase      signal. The modulated phase signal is then coupled to the signal input of      the power amplifier. The power amplifier then produces an amplified output      signal. 
A switched capacitor amplifier includes a pair of output capacitors,      providing high throughput suitable for pipestaged circuit applications.      During operation, the amplifiers may generate an evaluation output once      per clock cycle. During a first clock cycle, one of the two output      capacitors holds an evaluation potential to be output from the amplifier      and the second output capacitor both precharges and evaluates. During a      second clock cycle, the roles of the output capacitors reverse and the      second output capacitor holds the evaluation potential and the first      output capacitor precharges and evaluates. The invention is suitable for      use with a variety of amplifier topologies. 
The invention relates to an integrated circuit arrangement with an active      filter comprising transconductance stages, each being adjustable by means      of a bias current to be supplied, and comprising a tuning device for      tuning the filter, which tuning device adjusts the bias currents of the      transconductance stages, wherein the tuning device adjusts the bias      current of a first transconductance stage, for the purpose of achieving a      desired characteristic of this transconductance stage, and adjusts the      bias current of at least one further transconductance stage such that the      transconductance of this further transconductance stage deviates from the      transconductance of the first transconductance stage by a certain value. 
By supplying a clock signal from an OSC to four stages of boosting circuit      units connected in series, the boosting circuit units are rendered active.      A delay element is inserted in the line of the clock signal to prevent all      the boosting circuit units from being rendered active at the same time by      one clock signal. Since the boosting circuit unit is rendered active one      by one by the provision of the delay element, current congregation from      the power supply potential at the circuit element connected closest to the      input terminal of the boosting circuit unit of the first stage can be      prevented. Thus, a boosting circuit of a high boosting efficiency is      achieved. 
A semiconductor integrated circuit with stabilizing capacity has a voltage      drop circuit that drops a power supply voltage to a first voltage Vcc1 and      supplies the Vcc1 to a plurality of function blocks; a stabilizing      capacity that stabilizes the Vcc1; and a plurality of voltage switching      circuits each of which is provided in each of the function blocks and      selectively switches between the Vcc1 and a base voltage Vss to produce a      second voltage Vcc2 and supplies the Vcc2 to each function block, and each      of the function blocks forms a capacity for stabilizing an output of the      voltage drop circuit by means of its semiconductor structure by the Vcc1      and the Vcc2 applied thereto. 
In a fuse circuit including programmable fuses in a semiconductor      integrated circuit, the fuses store specific information related to the      semiconductor integrated circuit, such as redundancy information, wafer      lot number, die lot number, and die position on the wafer, etc. The fuse      circuit utilizes a plurality of fuses for storing identical bit      information. Consequently, in the case where a fuse has not been cut out      correctly, the fuse circuit can reduce programming defects, whereby defect      generation rates are remarkably decreased. 
The present invention relates to a high efficiency three-level inverter      apparatus containing both bipolar and field effect transistors. An      embodiment of a modified control scheme is also presented whereby      transistors are modulated differently for each quadrant of output      voltage-current phase. This embodiment of a modified control scheme allows      efficient switching of field effect transistors without additional      freewheeling and series diodes. 
A level shifter for low voltage operation includes two level shifting      stages. The first stage shifts the input voltage level to an intermediate      voltage level, and the second stage shifts the intermediate voltage level      to an output voltage level. This two-stage arrangement allows the level      shifter to function for very low input voltages, and enables functionality      across a wide range of output voltages. The first stage is designed to be      compatible with very low input voltages and the intermediate voltage level      is chosen to be within the safe operating limits of the first stage. The      intermediate voltage level is also high enough to drive the high voltage      devices of the second stage. This level shifter can be used where multiple      output voltage levels are required depending on the particular application      or operating mode. 
Methods, computer program products and systems are provided for executing a      function of a data processing computer system. The function may relate to      an object. The method may be performed by: displaying a graphical      representation of an object on a display device; receiving movement data      from an input device, identifying a matching movement pattern that matches      the cursor movement, which corresponds to the movement data; selecting a      function that relates to the matching movement pattern and the object; and      executing the function for the object. The identifying step can be      performed by measuring the cursor movement as changes of the cursor      coordinates occur. The result may then be compared to a plurality of      predefined reference movement patterns. One movement pattern may be      selected out of the plurality of reference movement patterns as the      matching movement pattern for the object. 
An ultracapacitor based power storage device suitable for use in hybrid      fuel cell systems and other power systems includes circuitry for      simulating the response of a battery. A voltage current limiting circuit      may be employed with a variety of electrical storage devices, for example,      ultracapacitors and batteries. 
A circuit arrangement for generating non-overlapping clock phases including      a first circuit, a second circuit, and a multiplexer. The first circuit      combines two input signals to form an output signal, and a first input      provides for application of a common clock signal. The second circuit      combines two input signals to form an output signal, and a first input      provides for application of the common clock signal. The multiplexer has a      first input connected to an output of the first circuit, a second input      connected to an output of the second circuit, and an output connected to a      second input of each of the first and second circuits, and has a third      input that switches between the first and second inputs of the multiplexer      for application of the clock signal. A plurality of non-overlapping clock      phases are provided by output signals of the first and second circuits and      of the multiplexer. 
An enveloping curve generator that guarantees one curve will overlap      another when both are going high and the other overlaps the first when      both are going low. When the input goes high, one steering FET is turned      off and the other directs the input signal to drive an output high. That      output going high after a delay drive the second output high. The second      output being high latches the states of the two outputs high. When the      input goes low, the off FET is turned on and the on FET is turned off. The      input signal is directed to drive the second output low and after a delay      the first output is driven low. The first output going low latches the      states of the two outputs low. 
A pulse-width controller (1800) is described. Pulse generators (1700L,      1700H) are coupled to receive clock signals (1320, 1321) and configured to      extend respective high-time and low-time pulse widths to provide signals      with lengthened pulse widths (1320P, 1321P). Control signals (1803, 1804)      are generated from pulse-width lengthened signals (1320P, 1321P). Clock      signals (1320, 1321) and the pulse-width lengthened signals (1320PB,      1321P, 1321PB) are provided to differential logic (1823 through 1828),      such as Differential Cascode Voltage Switch Logic, to provide a      differential output (1611, 1612) which is duty-cycle adjusted. The control      signals (1803, 1804) in combination with the pulse-width lengthened      signals (1320PB, 1321P, 1321PB) are used to selectively activate a      respective portion of the differential logic (1823 through 1828) to pass      signals to the differential output (1611, 1612). 
A frequency synthesizer for a programmable logic device includes a phase      alignment circuit that is controlled by an asynchronous level-mode state      machine. The state machine receives a start signal generated by the      circuits that determine a concurrence cycle when reference and generated      clock signals should be aligned. Then, at the concurrence cycle the state      machine replaces a generated clock edge with a reference clock edge to      bring the generated clock signal into hard phase alignment with the      reference clock signal. 
A circuit configuration for processing data, particularly a semiconductor      memory chip, has a control circuit for setting a phase or frequency      relationship between two signals. A digital counter detects a phase or      frequency difference between the two signals, and the counter reading is      used for regulating the phase or frequency relationship. Trials have shown      that the counter reading indicates an operating state in the circuit      configuration and therefore represents a simple signal for assessing the      operating state of the circuit configuration. Preferably, the counter      reading is taken as a basis for adjusting the speed or power of      time-critical or performance-critical circuit parts in the circuit      configuration so that an operating state with an intermediate switching      speed is obtained. 
A ramp capacitor CAP1 has a first terminal connected to a power supply      voltage VBAT. A generator circuit is connected to a second terminal of the      ramp capacitor and adapted to generate a voltage ramp at the terminals of      the ramp capacitor. The generator circuit includes a constant current      source SCC connected to the second terminal B12 of the ramp capacitor CAP1      and auxiliary circuit MAX adapted in the presence of a transient variation      of the power supply voltage to determine the transient current flowing in      the ramp capacitor and generated by the transient variation. Responsive      thereto, delivery is made to the second terminal B12 of the ramp capacitor      CAP1 of a charging current equal to the algebraic sum of the constant      current delivered by the constant current source and an auxiliary current      equal and opposite to the transient current. 
An input and output circuit of a semiconductor device is disclosed having      an output buffer including first and second pull-up transistors connected      in series between the power supply voltage and the pad, first and second      pull-down transistors connected in series between the pad and the ground      voltage, a pre-driver for pulling up or down a voltage of the pad when an      output enable signal is enabled and for switching off the first and second      pull-up transistors and the first and second pull-down transistors when      the output enable signal is disabled, and a first circuit for adjusting      voltage differences between respective gates and respective sources/drains      of the first and second pull-up transistors and the first and second      pull-down transistors to be below a predetermined voltage level in      response to the first, second and third control signals under power on or      power off conditions; and an input buffer including a transmission gate      for transmitting an input signal applied to the pad to a first node in      response to the first control signal, third, fourth and fifth pull-up      transistors connected in series between the power supply voltage and a      second node and having corresponding gates connected to a third node, the      pad and the first node, respectively, a third pull-down transistor      connected between the second node and the ground voltage and having a gate      connected to the first node, a second circuit for adjusting voltage      differences between respective gates and respective sources/drains of the      third, fourth and fifth pull-up transistors and the third pull-down      transistor to be below a predetermined voltage in response to the first      and third control signals if the high voltage is applied to the pad under      either power on or power off conditions. 
As devices are often different in the characteristics from one another,      semiconductor chips based on the devices have discrepancies in the      performance. A semiconductor device having a semiconductor switching      element and a drive controlling means (1) for generating from input      signals (A) and (B) drive signals (a) and (b) to control the action of the      semiconductor switching element is provided comprising a characteristic      compensating means (2) for generating from a characteristic compensation      input signal a compensation signal to eliminate variations in the      transmission delay time of the drive controlling means (1). 
A charge/discharge current detection circuit includes a detection      resistance that converts a charge current and a discharge current to a      detection voltage, a level shifter circuit that level-shifts the detection      voltage by a predetermined value, and an amplifier circuit that amplifies      an output voltage of the level shifter circuit and outputs the amplified      output voltage of the level shifter circuit. The level shifter circuit      applies to the detection voltage a predetermined divided voltage obtained      by resistance-dividing a reference voltage, to thereby level-shift the      detection voltage. 
The present invention comprises an electromagnetophoretic ink material for      use as electronic and magnetic display elements. In particular, the      present invention relates to the preparation and use of microencapsulated      aspect elements having both an electrostatic layer and a magnetic layer,      and that can be addressed to produce a display aspect by the application      of external electric fields and external magnetic fields. 
A digital fractional phase detector is shown that uses a phase error      detector for generating a phase error signal based on the phase difference      between a reference clock signal and a feedback clock signal. A quantizer      directly measures the pulse width of a phase error signal and outputs the      value in a digital form. By directly measuring the phase error signal,      quantization accuracy is increased. In order to calibrate the digital      fractional phase detector, a calibration pulse generator generates a      calibration pulse of a known duration and passes it to the quantizer. 
A method and apparatus for evaluating logical inputs electronically using      electronic logic circuits in monotonic dynamic-static pseudo-NMOS      configurations. The apparatus includes alternating dynamic and static      circuit portions adapted to transition monotonically in response to a      common clock (or complemented clock) signal. The circuit portions include      pseudo-NMOS configured switching circuits implementing logical functions. 
A dual-rail static logic gate with a self cut-off mechanism is disclosed.      In an embodiment, the output of the first rail is coupled to the input of      the pull-up device of the second rail and vice versa. The cross-coupling      allows the self cut-off mechanism of the static gate to function properly      and provides for components which have lower capacitance than conventional      static gates. The lower capacitance results in a faster static gate. 
A bulk input differential logic circuit. The circuit outputs a large signal      high enough to assert a logic High and Low by variations of the threshold      voltage controlled by the bulk input signal and amplification of the sense      amplifier. A boost circuit is disposed on the bulk input terminal, which      may receive multiple bulk input signals. This makes it possible to use      fewer circuit elements and smaller circuit area for a complicated logic      operation. 
A mixed-voltage I/O buffer circuit that prevents leakages through a driver      stage PMOS transistor is provided. The buffer circuit has a first part      that prevents leakage through a parasitic diode of the transistor and a      second part that prevents leakage through the transistor when the      transistor is turned on by a signal on a bonding pad having a voltage      level higher than a power supply voltage of the buffer circuit. The buffer      circuit provides biases approximately equal to the high voltage signal to      a gate and a substrate terminal of the PMOS transistor when the bonding      pad has the high voltage signal thereon, and provides a bias approximately      equal to the power supply voltage of the buffer circuit to the gate and      substrate of the PMOS transistor when the bonding pad has a low voltage      signal thereon. 
A method and circuit that supplies valid logic values at an end of a      transmission line for sampling on high speed interfaces, such as HSTL and      SSTL, during reset. The circuit may include operational amplifiers and      resistors. 
A driver structure for an I/O buffer circuit is disclosed. The driver      structure includes a pre-push-pull driver and a post-push-pull driver. A      delay circuit along is connected in series between the input signals of      the pre-push-pull driver and the post-push-pull driver. After a delay time      following a transition of the input signal, the circuit operation of the      post-push-pull driver is turned off before the amplitude of the output      signal reaches its maximum overshooting. This changes the output      conductivity to inhibit the overshooting in the output signal, preventing      power bounce and ground bounce at the receiving end. 
The speed of a level shifter is increased by utilizing an additional      transistor to pull down the voltage on a first intermediate node, and an      additional transistor to pull down the voltage on a second intermediate      node. In addition, a precharge circuit is utilized to precharge the      voltage on the first and second intermediate nodes to further increase the      speed of the level shifter. 
Structures and techniques are provided for allowing one or more of the      following actions to occur within a Complex Programmable Logic Device      (CPLD): (1) Elective use of a fast, allocator-bypassing path (e.g., a fast      5-PT path) in combination with in-block simple or super-allocation; (2)      Elective use of an OSM-bypassing path for signals that do not need      pin-consistency; (3) Automatic re-routing of output enable signals that      corresponding to output signals which are re-routed for pin-consistency      purposes; (4) Global distribution of globally-usable output enable      signals; (5) Elective use of two-stage steering to develop complex      sum-of-clusters terms where fast path or simple allocation will not be      sufficient; and (6) Use of unidirectional super-allocation with stage-2      wrap-around in designs having about 24 or less macrocell units per logic      block. Techniques are provided for concentrating the development of      complex function signals (e.g., .ltoreq.80PTs) within singular logic      blocks so that the development of such complex function signals does not      consume inter-block interconnect resources. One CPLD configuring method      includes the machine-implemented steps of first identifying      middle-complexity functions that are achievable by combined simple or      super-allocation based development in one logic block and fast-path      completion in the same or a second logic block; and configuring the CPLD      to realize one or more of the functions identified in the first      identification step by simple or super-allocation based development in one      logic block and fast-path completion in the same or a second logic block. 
A logic block in a field programmable gate array comprises a plurality of      clusters of logic devices. At least one of the logic devices in each of      the clusters has an input or an output. A first set of interconnect      conductors enters the logic block from a first side and forming a      programmable intersection with the input or the output of at least one of      the logic devices in each of the clusters. A second set of interconnect      conductors enters the logic block from a second side and forming a      programmable intersection with the input or output of one of the logic      devices in each cluster, the first set of interconnect conductors forming      a pairwise hardwired connection with the second set of interconnect      conductors. An interconnect conductor splitting extension is disposed      between the first set of interconnect conductors and the second set of      interconnect conductors. 
A transfer circuit 25 includes two sets of an input circuit 52A and an      output circuit 53B, which allows bidirectional transfer. The input circuit      52A decomposes external input data signals DI11A and DI12A to signals on      lines L11 to L14 in synchronism with a clock signal CLK in order to reduce      the frequency thereof. The output circuit 53B composes the decomposed      signals in synchronism with the clock signal CLK to regenerate the      original signals and output them as external output data signals DO11B and      DO12B. Signals on either the lines L11 to L14 or L21 to L24 are selected      by a multiplexer 57 to provide to a main body circuit. 
The present invention comprises a field programmable gate array that has a      plurality of dedicated first-in/first-out memory logic components. The      field programmable gate array includes a plurality of synchronous random      access memory blocks that are coupled to a plurality of dedicated      first-in/first-out memory logic components and a plurality of random      access memory clusters that are programmably coupled to the plurality of      dedicated first-in/first-out memory logic components and to the plurality      of synchronous random access memory blocks. 
Power dissipation of a semiconductor integrated circuit chip is reduced      when it is operated at an operating voltage of 2.5 V or below. A switching      element is provided in each circuit block within the chip. Constants of      the switching element are set so that leakage current in each switching      element in their off-state is smaller than the subthreshold current of MOS      transistors within the corresponding circuit block. Active current is      supplied to active circuit blocks, while switching elements of non-active      circuit blocks are turned off. Thus, dissipation currents of non-active      circuit blocks are limited to leakage current value of corresponding      switching elements. Thus, the sum of dissipation currents of non-active      circuit blocks is made smaller than the active current in the active      circuit blocks. As a result, power dissipation in the semiconductor      integrated circuit chip can be reduced even in the active state. 
A bus architecture for the application of data transmission between      distinct integrated circuits. The bus architecture includes at least one      transmission line connecting with I/O pin of ICs for transmitting data. In      a middle point of the transmission line, there is a middle resistor with a      resistance value preferably equal to the characteristic impedance of the      transmission line. In addition, there are internal pull-up resistors      within the ICs, which has a first end coupled to the I/O pin and a second      end coupled to the voltage source. Each pull-up resistor has a resistance      value higher than the characteristic impedance of the transmission line,      for example, 2 or 3 times of the characteristic impedance, for suppressing      the rising edge ringback. 
The present system comprises a radiation tolerant programmable logic device      having logic modules and routing resources coupling together the logic      modules. Configuration data lines providing configuration data control the      programming of the logic modules and the routing resources. Error      correction circuitry coupled to the configuration data lines analyzes and      corrects any errors in the configuration data that may occur due to a      single event upset (SEU). The present system also comprises a method for correcting errors in a      programmable logic device having configuration data to program the      programmable logic device. The method comprises a background reading of      the configuration data. Next, the configuration data is analyzed for      errors. Finally, the configuration data is then corrected and the      configuration data is rewritten if errors are located. 
The invention is a test apparatus incorporating high current test pins,      forced into contact with a circuit assembly under test by opposing      compliant pressure pins. An advantageous test pin for low voltage, high      current testing is a solid, one piece test pin. The solid test pin, when      supplied with adequate contact force, provides both low resistance and low      inductance. The required compliant force is applied to the test circuit,      opposite and substantially in line with the solid test pin, by a compliant      pressure pin. Since the test pin does not supply the compliant force, it      can be designed primarily for the desired electrical parameters of the      test contact. The only mechanical considerations for the conductive solid      pin are the amount of desired surface contact area, the dominant      mechanical parameter in setting the contact resistance, and the body      dimensions, which determine the resistance and inductance of the pin      itself. And since, the opposing compliant pressure pin is not part of the      electrical test circuit, it can be designed for its mechanical properties      alone. The advantage of the conductive pin--compliant pressure pin pair      over the prior art compliant pin is that the compliant element, usually a      spring, is no longer part of the test circuit. Also, a much higher contact      force is achievable, resulting in significantly lower contact resistance. 
The integrated circuit teat system and method prevent the occurrence of      frost under a very low temperature environment during the exchange of      integrated circuits under environmental testing and allows for the      continuous testing thereof. The integrated circuit test system comprises a      test chamber, a portion of which is adapted to interface with a tester      having a circuit panel. An auxiliary chamber is adjacent the test chamber,      the auxiliary chamber including a first door between the auxiliary chamber      and the test chamber, the auxiliary chamber further including a second      door between the auxiliary chamber and an external region, the auxiliary      chamber for receiving a sample prior to and following a test. A transfer      unit is also in the chamber, for transferring the sample between the test      chamber and the auxiliary chamber through the first door. Accordingly, the      time consumed during the exchange of testing samples is shortened. In      addition the sample and respective test system components are prevented      from being damaged by maintaining a low moisture environment. 
A single gas tight system may perform multi-functions including reducing      the thickness of oxides on contact pads and probing, testing, burn-in,      repairing, programming and binning of integrated circuits. A holding      fixture holds a wafer having integrated circuits and aligns the wafer to a      full-substrate probing device. A temperature control device is used to      heat the wafer during an oxide reduction process or during burn-in of the      wafer. During the oxide reduction process, hydrogen is introduced into the      chamber, and the wafer is heated so that the oxides on the contact pads      can combine with hydrogen to form water vapor, thus reducing the thickness      of the oxides. A computer analyzes the test and/or burn-in data and      provides control signals for repairing or programming the integrated      circuits. 
A method and system for probing with electrical test signals on an      integrated circuit specimen using a scanning electron microscope (SEM)      positioned for observing a surface of the specimen exposing electrically      conductive terminals on the specimen. A carrier is provided for supporting      the specimen in relation to the scanning electron microscope while a      computer acquires an image identifying conductive path indicia of the      surface of the specimen from the scanning electron microscope. A motorized      manipulator remotely controlled by the computer manipulates a plurality of      probes position able on the surface of the specimen for conveying      electrical test signals inside a vacuum chamber inner enclosure which      houses the scanning electron microscope, the carrier, the motorized      manipulator and the plurality of probes for analyzing the specimen in a      vacuum. A feed through on the vacuum chamber couples electrical signals      from the computer to the motorized manipulator and the plurality of      probes. The computer communicates with the motorized manipulator for      positioning the plurality of probes, and for applying electrical test      signals to the terminals on the specimen using the image acquired by the      computer to identify the electrically conductive terminals from the      conductive path indicia of the surface of the specimen observed with the      scanning electron microscope. 
A large array probe/contact having spring characteristics for relieving      stress in the contact caused, for example, by temperature change is      fabricated using a unique combination of semiconductor fabrication      operations. The contacts in the array have a U shaped resilient portion,      are fixed at one end to a substrate and have an accessible low electrical      noise contact tip. The contacts are encapsulated on the substrate in an      elastomer to provide additional stress relief resilience, support and      protection from damage during handling. 
In a probe card assembly, a series of probe elements can be arrayed on a      silicon space transformer. The silicon space transformer can be fabricated      with an array of primary contacts in a very tight pitch, comparable to the      pitch of a semiconductor device. One preferred primary contact is a      resilient spring contact. Conductive elements in the space transformer are      routed to second contacts at a more relaxed pitch. In one preferred      embodiment, the second contacts are suitable for directly attaching a      ribbon cable, which in turn can be connected to provide selective      connection to each primary contact. The silicon space transformer is      mounted in a fixture that provides for resilient connection to a wafer or      device to be tested. This fixture can be adjusted to planarize the primary      contacts with the plane of a support probe card board. 
Disclosed is a liquid crystal optical device which produces a color display      by using a light source mounted behind a liquid crystal panel and capable      of emitting a plurality of different colors, wherein the period from the      time the light source mounted on the back emits one color to the time the      light source switches to the next color is set as a scanning period, and      the scanning period comprises a selection period (Se), a non-selection      period (NSe), and a reset period (Rs), the length of the reset period      being equal to one half the scanning period, and wherein a black display      state is effected in the reset period (Rs). 
A probe card conveyor 10 comprises a probe card conveyor 10, a body 12      provided with the probe card conveyor 10, and coupling mechanisms 13      provided in a plurality of positions on that side of the body 12 which is      opposed to the probe device 20 and coupled individually to four coupled      fittings 22 of the probe device 20. Further, the probe card conveyor 10      comprises a probe card mounting mechanism 17 for transferring a probe card      21 in the Y-direction and a lift mechanism 18 for raising and lowering the      probe card mounting mechanism 17. 
A semiconductor device includes a plurality of semiconductor integrated      circuits formed on a semiconductor wafer; an testing pad for inputting and      outputting a signal to and from an internal circuit of the semiconductor      integrated circuit; a switch for switching a state of a connection between      the semiconductor integrated circuit and the testing pad; and a wiring      pattern formed on a parting line around the semiconductor integrated      circuit and connected to an input terminal of the switch. When the      semiconductor integrated circuits are separated, cutting off of the wiring      pattern causes the switch to be turned off, so that the internal circuit      is prevented from being affected by the influence of the cutting plane. 
A membrane probing assembly includes a probe card with conductors supported      thereon, wherein the conductors include at least a signal conductor      located between a pair of spaced apart guard conductors. A membrane      assembly includes a membrane with contacts thereon, and supporting at      least a signal conductor located between a pair of spaced apart guard      conductors. The guard conductors of the probe card are electrically      interconnected proximate the interconnection between the probe card and      the membrane assembly. The guard conductors of the membrane assembly are      electrically interconnected proximate the interconnection between the      probe card and the membrane assembly. 
A method and apparatus for reducing the parachuting of a probe used in an      atomic force microscope. The apparatus includes an oscillating probe, a      phase detection circuit coupled to the oscillating probe, and a probe      drive boosting circuit coupled to the phase detection circuit and the      probe, wherein the phase detection circuit detects a reduction of a      variation of a phase signal from the probe and the probe drive boosting      circuit boosts a signal to the probe based on the phase signal detected by      the phase detection circuit to produce a boosted probe drive signal. The      phase detection circuit includes a precision full wave rectifier, and an      envelope detector coupled to the precision full wave rectifier, wherein      the precision full wave rectifier rectifies a phase signal of the probe to      produce a rectified phase signal and the envelope detector detects the      rectified phase signal to produce an envelope detected signal. The phase      detection circuit further includes a comparator coupled to the envelope      detector, and an event detector and hold off circuit coupled to the      comparator, wherein the comparator and the event detector and hold off      circuit generate an event signal from the envelope detected signal. 
A system for monitoring water concentration in gaseous sample is disclosed.      It is readily applicable in the synthesis of biopolymer arrays/microarrays      involving the use of water-sensitive reagents. A flow cell is provided in      which a capacitance sensor is placed separate from a production or      synthesis environment. Sample and dry gas may be provided to the flow cell      via conduits and valves or a manifold system. Dry gas, such as N.sub.2, is      used to dry the sensor or simply to maintain it in a dried condition. The      same gas may be used to drive an optional venturi pump to draw sample for      measurement into the cell from the synthesis environment. 
Apparatus for dispensing paper from rolls which feeds continuously, roll to      roll, and does not require extra procedure to bring stub roll into      position. The apparatus holds and positions at least first and second      rolls of paper with respect to each other; dispenses paper from the first      roll; dispenses paper from the first and second rolls simultaneously when      the first roll reduces to a predetermined diameter of paper, positions the      depleted first roll for replacement without the necessity of removing the      second roll; and dispenses from the second and replacement rolls      simultaneously when the second roll reduces to a predetermined diameter of      paper. The apparatus also has a proximity sensor, which senses when a hand      is placed near the dispenser, and thereupon dispenses a set amount of      towel. The proximity sensor incorporates static and noise immunity      circuitry. 
A method and apparatus for measuring changes induced in an inductive field      on a wire-loop of an oscillator circuit based upon variations in a current      function without the need to measure frequency changes. Induced noise has      independent effects upon the current function and voltage function of an      inductance measurement circuit. By inductively coupling one input and      directly coupling the second input of a comparator circuit to the      inductance measurement circuit, the phase of the current function can be      adjusted to coincide with the phase of the voltage function. By combining      the voltage function with the current function, an output isolating the      induced noise from the measured inductance is obtained. 
A high-precision, multi-port compatible, relative correction method and      apparatus for correcting measurement errors covering an increase in the      number of ports of a non-coaxial electronic component, in which a relative      correction adapter 31 is provided that is formed of a two-port network      connected to each port of a production test fixture 5B adjacent to a      measurement apparatus. The relative correction adapter has a      characteristic that modifies the electrical characteristics generated by      the production test fixture 5B having an electronic component under test      mounted thereon into electrical characteristics generated by a standard      test fixture 5A having the electronic component under test mounted      thereon. An error factor of the relative correction adapter 31 is      identified from a standard test fixture measurement value and a production      test fixture measurement value of a correction data acquisition specimen      11B. A production test fixture measurement value of the electronic      component under test 11A is corrected with the error factor of the      relative correction adapter 31 to thereby obtain the standard test fixture      measurement value of the electronic component under test 11A which is      assumed to be obtained when the electronic component under test 11A. 
A timing output panel may include a rear portion and a front portion. The      rear portion may include a number of network connectors respectively      configured to connect to a number of network elements, and at least one      timing connector connected to the number of network connectors and      configured to connect to synchronization electronics. The front portion      may include a number of equipment jacks corresponding to and electrically      connected to the number of network connectors. The equipment jacks may      facilitate temporary connection of cables for testing or patching signals      to the network elements. The front portion also may include a number of      timing jacks corresponding to and electrically connected to the at least      one timing connector. The timing jacks may facilitate temporary connection      of cables for testing the synchronization electronics or patching to the      equipment jacks. 
In order to monitor a state of a battery, a threshold value of an internal      impedance of the battery is first determined. It is prepared an      approximate expression indicating a correlation between a residual      capacity of the battery and an internal impedance of the battery which is      greater than the threshold value. The internal impedance of the battery is      then measured. When the measured internal impedance is the threshold value      or less, the residual capacity is determined as an initial value. When the      measured internal impedance is greater than the threshold value, the      residual capacity is monitored with the approximate expression. 
A liquid crystal display (LCD) device having a first substrate and a second      substrate with liquid crystal sealed therebetween, includes a plurality of      gate lines and data lines crossing each other on the first substrate; a      gate driving section for driving the gate lines; a source driving section      for precharging the data lines for a first time and supplying video      signals to the data lines; and a precharge circuit section for precharging      the data lines for a second time. 
A method for avoiding an inground obstacle at a known depth, using a      steerable boring tool which transmits a dipole locating signal, said      method comprising the steps of: positioning the boring tool in a first      position at a forward distance to the obstacle; measuring a signal      strength of said locating signal at a location above the inground obstacle      which corresponds to a field defined forward point of the locating signal      such that the signal strength is representative of the depth of the boring      tool at said forward distance from the obstacle; with said boring tool at      said first position, determining a pitch orientation of the boring tool;      determining a predicted depth of the boring tool based on at least      generally straight movement of the boring tool by said forward distance      toward the inground obstacle, said signal strength and said pitch      orientation; and based on the predicted depth of the boring tool and the      known depth of the obstacle, steering the boring tool in a way that is      intended to avoid the obstacle. 
An above ground locator includes an apparatus for determining the strength      of the locating signal at a selected point relative to the boring tool.      The apparatus includes an antenna arrangement configured for measuring the      strength of the locating signal at the selected point along first and      second orthogonally opposed receiving axes to produce first and second      received signals. A phase shifting arrangement phase shifts the first and      second received signals in a predetermined way to generate first and      second phase shifted signals, respectively. Thereafter, a summing      arrangement adds the first and second phase shifted received signals to      generate an output signal which is a vector sum of the first and second      received signals. In one feature, third and fourth signals derived from      the first and second signals are used to eliminate balance point ambiguity      which is present using the first and second signals alone. In another      feature, signals corresponding to first, second, third and fourth axes are      compared in a way which confines the possible locations of an above ground      point to one particular type of region out of a plurality of different      types of regions. Tracking of the boring tool may be accomplished in a      number of described ways since the regions occur in a specific sequence      along the intended path with respect to the location of the boring tool. 
A nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy probe has a sample cell      into and out of which a room temperature liquid sample may be directed.      The cell is surrounded by a radio frequency coil that is used to perform      NMR measurements of the liquid sample, and which is maintained at      cryogenic temperatures. The coil is separated from the sample cell by a      thermally insulative boundary, such as a vacuum. The sample may enter the      cell through an input path, and may exit through an output path. The input      path, output path and sample cell may be surrounded by a sheath through      which flows room temperature gas. The ends of the sample cell may be      tapered to promote thorough flow through the cell, and flow diverters may      be included in the sample cell adjacent to the input and output paths to      force flow to the outer wall of the sample cell. 
At least one reference plane, but preferably three orthogonal reference      planes (A, C, S) are defined in a magnetic resonance imaging method. A cut      plane is chosen so as to extend at an angle to one (single oblique) (SO)      or two (double oblique) (DO) of the reference planes. One side of the      field of view within the cut plane remains parallel to one (of the)      reference plane (planes). A cross-sectional magnetic resonance image along      the cut plane is reconstructed from magnetic resonance signals. 
A solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) method for investigating a      sample material, which contains protons H and also spin-1/2 hetero nuclei      X, uses a sample material rotated at the magic angle. The method comprises      the steps of increasing the equilibrium polarization of X; eliminating (2)      proton magnetization; transferring polarization from X to H; and recording      the proton signals (8) under a condition of line narrowing. A radio      frequency (RF) pulse sequence effects polarization transfer between X and      the closest protons H, via dipole coupling with coupling constant      D.sub.XH. A parameter, which is associated with the transfer process, is      varied to determine the dipole coupling constant D.sub.XH and thereby      permits precise determination of the binding separation X--H, even when      the concentration of X is small compared to H. 
In a method for evaluating a time signal that is generated as a magnetic      resonance signal by means of magnetic resonance technology and that      contains spectroscopic information, an apodized time signal is formed by      multiplying the time signal by a bell-shaped window function, an apodized      spectrum is formed by Fourier transformation of the apodized time signal,      an apodized informational spectrum is generated by removing noise      components from the apodized spectrum, an apodized informational time      signal is formed by Fourier back-transformation of the apodized      informational spectrum, and an informational time signal is formed by      multiplying the apodized informational time signal by an inverse function      that corresponds in at least one section to the inverse window function. 
A slotted NMR antenna cover for improved mechanical ruggedness during      transmission and reception of NMR signals in a down hole environment      during either MWD or wire line operations. A NMR slotted antenna cover is      provided comprising an elongated tubular structure with longitudinal gaps      or slots filled with a RF transmissive or non-conductive material. The      slots can befilled at the slot ends with soft magnetic material to improve      efficiency of the antenna. The slots are radial concave to reduce eddy      currents induced by alternating magnetic flux entering and leaving the      slots surrounding the antenna. In another embodiment, the antenna cover is      RF transmissive on only a portion of the antenna, via slots or      transmissive material, so that the antenna cover can be used to allow RF      transmission from the antenna in a side looking or beam pattern restricted      mode only. 
A method for processing Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) well logging data      in the presence of coherent transient signals and offsets is disclosed.      The method comprises the addition of R and X-Channel transients and      offsets to the relaxation model appropriate for a user selected pulse      sequence. The effects of the ringing and offsets are automatically      compensated for by fitting R and X-Channel spin-echo data to the      relaxation model. 
An apparatus for detecting the presence of metal material in a      semiconductor wafer. The apparatus comprises: (i) a current-carrying coil      for generating a first magnetic field, wherein the first magnetic field is      capable of causing the metal material in the semiconductor wafer to      generate an opposing magnetic field; and (ii) a detection circuit for      detecting the opposing magnetic field generated by the metal material when      the semiconductor wafer is in proximity to the current-carrying coil. 
A Position Sensor comprises: one or more excitation windings; a signal      generator adapted to apply excitation signals to the or each excitation      winding; tag means displaceable relative to said excitation windings; one      or more sensor windings electromagnetically coupled to said excitation      windings such that in response to said excitation signals being applied to      said excitation windings, there is generated sensed signal in the or each      sensor winding; and a signal processor adapted to process said sensed      signals to determine the position of said tag means in any location in the      X, Y and Z planes essentially in accordance with phase values or in      accordance with phase values and amplitude values. 
An active matrix type display device comprising a plurality of pixels      arranged in a matrix form, wherein each of the plurality of pixels      comprises a display element, a second TFT for supplying power from a      driving power supply line to the display element, and a first TFT for      controlling the second TFT based on a data signal supplied from a data      line when selected, and the driving power supply line extends across the      pixel region. More specifically, of opposing first and second sides of a      pixel, in a section where the first TFT is connected to the data line, the      driving power supply line is placed on the second side, being the side      opposite the data line, and in a section where the second TFT is connected      to the driving power supply line, the driving power supply line is placed      on the first side. In this manner, pixels provided in positions shifted      for each row can be connected with a simple wiring layout. 
A system and method for detecting the position of an object are disclosed.      A position detection system for locating an object including a resonator      comprises an array of parallel conductors responsive to the magnetic field      from the resonator, and a plurality of receivers each associated with a      parallel conductor. The array of parallel conductors is configured to      locate the object along a measurement path. The array of parallel      conductors is orthogonal to the measurement path. The system further      comprises a plurality of drivers each associated with a parallel conductor      and configured to drive current through to produce an energizing field.      The array of parallel conductors is provided with sinusoidally varying      spacing and driven with sinusoidally varying current. In another      embodiment, the array of parallel conductors is provided with constant      spacing, and the receivers are configured with gain factors to produce      reception similar to reception by sinusoidally spaced conductors. The      array of parallel conductors may be driven with three-phase currents to      eliminate stationary null points in the energizing field along the lengths      of the parallel conductors. A method of detecting position of an object      including a resonator comprises providing an array of parallel conductors,      providing a plurality of receivers, and associating each of the receivers      with a parallel conductor. 
A system for producing a signal as a function of a rotational speed of a      wheel includes an exciter, which includes a plurality of teeth, secured to      the wheel. A cover has a first end facing the exciter. An active sensing      element is within the cover and positioned away from the first end of the      cover by at least about 10% of a total length of the cover. The teeth pass      by the first end of the cover and the active sensing element at a rate      proportional to the rotational speed of the wheel. The active sensing      element producing signals as a function of the rate the teeth pass the      active sensing element. An air pocket within the cover maintains the      active sensing element below a predetermined temperature. 
An airbag deployment sensor has a cartridge containing a quantity of tape      one end of which is attached to the inside surface of an airbag cushion.      Deployment of the cushion pulls tape from the cartridge at a rate that is      monitored by transmitting light through the tape, or by detecting the      presence of metalized, or magnetic shielding portions, of the tape. 
A characterization method for a device under test includes applying a bias      voltage to a test circuit. The test circuit includes a first transistor      coupled to the device under test, a second transistor coupled to the      device under test and to the first transistor. A third transistor is      coupled to a dummy device, a fourth transistor is coupled to the dummy      device and to the third transistor. The transistors are of a common type.      The characterization method further includes applying non-overlapping      clocking signals to transistors of the test circuit to produce test      signals for application to the device under test and detecting a current      in one or more transistors from the device under test. The bias voltage is      further varied to characterize the device under test. 
A system for positioning a test head for compliantly docking the test head      with a prober, handler, or other peripheral for automatically testing      electronic components. The system includes a plurality of backdrivable      linear actuators. Each actuator has a first end mechanically coupled to      the test head and a second end mechanically coupled to a support for      holding the test head, for example, a manipulator. In a first mode, a      control system applies inputs to the actuators for variably extending the      actuators to establish a desired position of the test head relative to the      support. The desired position is generally a centered position of the test      head within a compliance range; however, it may also be a non-centered      position that tends to align the test head with the peripheral. In a      second mode, the control system stops varying the input to the actuator.      The actuator tends to maintain its position, but complies with external      forces applied to the test head. In the second mode, the actuators can be      driven in compliance with external forces both forward and backward, and      provide only slight resistance to movement in both directions. The      disclosed system for positioning a test head is particularly useful for      providing compliant docking with extremely heavy test heads. 
A presently-preferred embodiment of an electrical-energy meter comprises a      base adapted to be mounted on a supporting surface, a current sensor      assembly comprising a plurality of contact blades extending through the      base and adapted to electrically contact a conductor of electrical energy,      and a current transformer mechanically coupled to the base and      electrically coupled to the contact blades. The electrical-energy meter      further comprises a circuit board assembly comprising a main circuit board      electrically coupled to the current transformer and the contact blades.      The electrical-energy meter also comprises a circuit-board support member      comprising a rim portion fixedly coupled to the base, and a first bracket      adjoining the rim portion. The first bracket has a first and a second leg      each extending away from the rim portion and the base and each being      adapted to securely engage the main circuit board. 
A process for measuring depth of a source and drain of a MOS transistor.      The MOS transistor is formed on a semiconductor substrate on which a      trench capacitor is formed and a buried strap is formed between the MOS      transistor and the trench capacitor. The process includes the following      steps. First, resistances of the buried strap at a plurality of different      depths are measured. Next, a curve correlating the resistances with the      depths is established. Next, slopes of the resistance to the depth for the      curve are obtained. Finally, a depth corresponding to a minimum resistance      before the slope of the resistance to the depth reaches to zero is      obtained. 
In a single wire underwater power distribution system, parallel branching      nodes are added in a manner that makes the branch connection and branch      line look like a series node to the shore based power source. The primary      side of a DC--DC converter functioning as an ideal transformer working      down to DC is connected into the series line where a branching series line      is desired. One side of the secondary creates the branched series path.      The other side of the secondary goes to seawater ground, establishing a      new local seawater ground. 
A reference voltage source for an integrated circuit includes a first      voltage reference that is adjustable, a second voltage reference, a      differential sensing device to compare a voltage provided by the first      voltage reference to a voltage provided by the second voltage reference, a      controller to provide a trim control signal to the first voltage reference      in response to an output of the differential sensing device for adjusting      the first voltage reference and to provide a signal to power down the      second voltage reference after the first voltage reference has been      adjusted. 
