 16,000 words

notes at end







Chapter 4
												

Empirical waves of adaptations









	Adaptive evolutionary explanations are familiar to all of us. It is a cliché to 
explain the giraffe's long neck as an adaptation for browsing among the tree 
tops. But the scientific legitimacy of adaptive explanations is controversial, and it 
became inflamed about thirty years ago when Stephen Jay Gould and Richard 
Lewontin published "The Spandrals of San Marco and the Panglossian 
Paradigm: A Critique of the Adaptationist Programme." This paper has 
generated more discussion than any other single paper in the philosophy of 
biology, and the controversy remains unresolved.
	This chapter defends the scientific legitimacy of adaptive explanations in a 
new way. The controversy over adaptationism is so persistent in part because the 
most fundamental challenge raised by Gould and Lewontin has not been directly 
addressed. Instead, responses typically concede Gould and Lewontin's  
fundamental criticism: the lack of an empirical test for whether it is proper to 
seek an adaptive explanation to begin with (see below). So, a new empirical way 
to tell whether something is an adaptation would provide a new defense of 
adaptationism. In this chapter I explain such a test and illustrate it in two 
computational evolving systems. 




The problem of adaptationism

	I must first clarify some key concepts. The notion of how well an organism 
fits or is adapted to its environment is the organism's adaptedness in that 
environment. This notion is typically made more concrete as the organism's 
propensity to survive and reproduce or the organism's fitness relative to other 
organisms. A trait is adaptive (in an environment) just in case it benefits the 
organism (in that environment), i.e., it increases the organism's propensity to 
survive or reproduce. Optimal traits are those that (in the context and given a set 
of constraints) could not be more adaptive. 
	In order to explain the notion of an adaptation, it is helpful to distinguish 
selection of a trait from selection for the trait (Sober 1984). Consider an analogy 
involving not natural selection but a simple causal sorting process. Suppose there 
is a tray full of black and white marbles, with the black marbles made of iron and 
the white marbles made of plastic. If a strong magnet is held over the tray, the 
black ferrous marbles will be "selected" by the magnet. This illustrates 
"selection" of black marbles but not "selection" for black marbles, for the marbles 
were not "selected" because they were black; their color was irrelevant. At the 
same time, this is an example of "selection" for ferrous marbles, for being ferrous 
was what caused those marbles to be "selected." Now consider the operation of 
natural selection in an analogous situation. An inherited trait persisting in a 
varying population because of its benefit to survival or reproduction is an 
example of natural selection for a trait. By contrast, mere selection of a trait is 
when natural selection causes a trait to persist but not because of its beneficial 
effects. Genetic hitchhikers (discussed below) illustrate selection of but not for a 
trait.
	Now we can distinguish two notions of adaptation. The first kind of 
adaptation is a trait produced by the process of natural selection for that trait. For 
example, the whale's fins are an adaptation for swimming.  The trait persists due 
to natural selection because of its function in swimming; it is a product of the 
process of natural selection. 
	Not all adaptive traits are adaptations. As Williams pointed out 
generations ago (1966), it is far more difficult to determine that some trait is an 
adaptation than that it performs some adaptive function. The notion of being an 
adaptation is backward looking; it concerns the explanation for how the trait 
came to be there. The notion of being adaptive focuses on the present; it concerns 
what benefits the trait happens to bestow, regardless of whether that benefit 
plays any role in the explanation of the trait's presence. 
	The second kind of adaptation is the process of producing adaptations, as 
when we speak of the adaptation of a population to its environment by means of 
natural selection,  sometimes called adaptive evolution. The fundamental 
problem of adaptationism (I shall suggest) is to provide an empirical test for 
detecting when the evolutionary process produces adaptations.
	There is a controversy about how far back into the past selective 
explanations must reach for a trait to be an adaptation. Gould and Vrba (1982) 
called attention to this issue with the neologism 'exaptation', which refers to an 
item that now performs one function but which originated to perform either a 
different function or no function. (The traditional biological term for these items 
is 'preadaptation'.) Some think that an adaptation for some function must have 
originally arisen by natural selection to perform that function. For these people 
exaptations are not adaptations (Gould and Lewontin 1978, Gould and Vrba 
1982, Sober 1984). Others think that it is sufficient for a trait to be an adaptation if 
its recent persistence is due to natural selection. For these people an exaptation 
can be an adaptation (Brandon 1990, Kitcher 1993, Godfrey-Smith 1994b, Sterelny 
and Griffiths 1999). 
	Behind this semantic disagreement about whether exaptations are 
"adaptations," everyone agrees that exaptations exist and that natural selection 
can maintain an item because of the function it now performs, even if the item 
did not originate for that reason. As a matter of semantics, I view exaptations as a 
special subset of adaptations, because I view anything maintained because of 
selection for a function as an adaptation. Regardless of their semantic 
classification, exaptations highlight that items can acquire new functions and be 
maintained by natural selection because of those new functions. Any attempt to 
explain the process of adaptive evolution must allow and explain exaptations. 
(Exaptations arise again below.)
	Traits of individual organisms are the paradigm example of adaptations, 
the products of natural selection.  A trait is adaptive only relative to an 
environment, and that environment typically includes other evolving organisms. 
So the environment for adaptation might itself be changed by the process of 
adaptive evolution. We can apply the property of being an adaptation to other 
levels of analysis by averaging over traits and individuals. In particular, below I 
will talk of genotypes (a complete set of traits) as adaptations and as adaptive. A 
genotype is adaptive if on average individuals with that genotype are adaptive. 
A genotype is an adaptation if it is persists through the action of natural 
selection, that is, if on average the individuals with that genotype have been 
selected for their possession of that genotype, i.e., if the traits in that genotype 
are adaptations.
	Later in this chapter some more terminology will become central. An 
adaptive explanation of a trait explains its existence or persistence as a result of 
adaptive evolution, i.e., by means of natural selection for that trait.   An adaptive 
explanation of a trait presumes that the trait is an adaptation, of course, and I 
will call this the adaptive presupposition of the adaptive explanation. Finally, 
adaptationism is the thesis that the activity of pursuing adaptive explanations of 
the existence and nature of biological traits is a normal and legitimate part of 
empirical science. (I sometimes refer to adaptationism as empirical 
adaptationism, to emphasize how it differs from other theses about adaptations.)
	Adaptationism has meant different things to different people. Historically, 
most of the discussion of adaptationism has concerned the use of optimality 
models (and related models) for explaining adaptations (e.g., Dupré 1987, Orzak 
and Sober 1994, Orzack and Sober 2001). But the thesis of adaptationism 
transcends optimality and concerns any kind of adaptive evolutionary 
explanation. Even if optimality is regularly violated, adaptive evolutionary 
explanations are part of the normal legitimate fabric of empirical biology. 

Elliot Sober (Sober 1987, 1993, Orzack and Sober 1994) has carefully defined a 
thesis that he calls "adaptationism" but it differs from what I mean by that term. 
Sober's thesis is that adaptive explanations are sufficient to explain most 
(nonmolecular) traits in most populations—a thesis which could fairly be called 
panadaptationism (not Sober's term). Panadaptationism is a strong thesis in two 
ways: (1) it entails that natural selection explains most (nonmolecular) traits in 
most populations, and (2) it claims that natural selection plays the only 
important role in the explanation of those traits. My thesis of adaptationism 
entails neither (1) nor (2). The practice of giving adaptive explanations can be a 
normal and legitimate part of empirical science without most traits of most 
organisms being explained primarily by natural selection. Adaptationism 
requires only that some traits can be explained as adaptations through empirical 
methods. Unlike panadaptationism, adaptationism is pluralistic; it allows other 
factors besides natural selection to play a dominant role in explaining many 
traits. What adaptationism requires, though, is that the adaptive explanations be 
part of normal empirical science. Panadaptationism is interesting empirical thesis 
that I expect will remain an open question for many years. In contrast we can 
settle adaptationism today.
	We need to distinguish adaptationism from two additional theses.  One is 
the claim—which I call limited adaptationism—that natural selection is the only 
satisfactory explanation of some limited set of traits. The special traits often are 
especially striking products of evolution such as complex adaptive structures like 
the eye or the brain. Richard Dawkins (1987) is a good example of this view. 
Limited adaptationism is consistent with and tends to be supported by 
panadaptationism. Strictly speaking, adaptationism takes no stand on which 
specific traits are adaptations; it just requires that we can distinguish adaptations 
from non-adaptations and support adaptive explanations with normal empirical 
science. Adaptationism lets the adaptive chips fall where they may and has 
empirical science identify them. 
	A further claim—sometimes called methodological adaptationism—holds 
that the best way to come to understand evolutionary phenomena is by 
assuming the prevalence of adaptations and looking for good design in order to, 
among other things, notice deviations from such designs and thereby to infer 
evolutionary constraints. This view can be found in Maynard Smith's discussions 
involving optimization models: "in testing a model we are not testing the general 
proposition that nature optimizes, but the specific hypotheses about constraints, 
optimization criteria, and heredity" (Maynard Smith 1978, quoted in Dawkins 
1982, p. 49). In contrast, adaptationism itself does not claim that it is heuristically 
valuable to view nature through adaptive lenses. Rather, it claims that the 
appropriate empirical lenses reveal how natural selection actually shapes 
evolutionary processes. 
	I am not criticizing panadaptationism and limited and methodological 
adaptationism. Rather, I am distinguishing them from adaptationism itself. I 
think that the fundamental challenge for adaptationism raised by Gould and 
Lewontin has not been appreciated in part because panadaptationism, limited 
adaptationism, and methodological adaptationism have distracted attention from 
the central issue—which is adaptationism itself.

"The Spandrals of San Marco and the Panglossian Paradigm" called attention to 
various problems with adaptationism. It is largely uncontroversial that some 
traits are adaptations; the problem is to identify them or, more generally, to 
distinguish adaptive evolution from other kinds of evolutionary processes. 
Gould and Lewontin aim to reign in adaptive explanations where they are 
inappropriate. To achieve this goal, one needs some principled and rigorous way 
to tell when adaptive explanations are needed. Gould and Lewontin raise two 
related worries about the prospect of accomplishing this goal.
	Their first worry is that people who use adaptive explanations do not 
sufficiently justify them over their alternatives. And there are significant 
alternatives to adaptive explanations, such as appeals to architectural constraint 
or genetic drift. For example, tooth size is architecturally constrained to be 
proportional to body size. So there is no need to seek an adaptive explanation for 
why the teeth of a large ape like the gorilla are larger than those of a small 
monkey like the rhesus. Furthermore, teeth grow more slowly than the other 
bones in the body, so it would be wrong to look for an adaptive explanation for 
the proportionately smaller than teeth of gorillas compared to smaller mammals 
(Lewontin 1977, p. 81). The architectural explanation suffices in these cases.  
Gould and Lewontin object that the alternatives to adaptive explanations get 
only lip-service. If one adaptive explanation fails, this simply leads to the 
proposal of another. They criticize this as adaptive "just-so" story telling, 
constrained by only our imagination. With enough ingenuity, any trait can be 
given an adaptive explanation. The presupposition that a trait is an adaptation is 
not called into question or tested but treated as untestable. As Lewontin puts it, 
"the adaptationist program makes of adaptation a metaphysical postulate that … 
cannot be refuted" because the presupposition that a trait is an adaptation is 
never questioned (Lewontin 1978/1985, p. 76).
	One could directly address this problem if one had some method for 
distinguishing which traits are the result of natural selection and thus require 
adaptive explanation. On this issue, Gould and Lewontin raise a deeper and 
more threatening worry: that the presupposition that a trait is an adaptation is 
not just treated as untestable but actually is untestable. This complaint is that in 
general there is no way to settle whether or not a trait is an adaptation. To be 
sure, it might be relatively uncontroversial that some specific traits are 
adaptations, but those cases are the exception. Part of the problem is that there is 
a thicket of alternatives to adaptive explanations and each of these alternatives 
has a thicket of instances. How can we possibly make a principled decision about 
when it is appropriate to single out the adaptationist branch? Gould and 
Lewontin summarize the situation thus:

We would not object so strenuously to the adaptationist 
programme if its invocation, in any particular case, could lead in 
principle to its refutation for want of evidence. We might still view 
it as restrictive and object to its status as an argument of first 
choice. But if it could be dismissed after failing some explicit test, 
then alternative would get their chance. (1979, pp. 258f).

The fundamental challenge for adaptationism raised by Gould and Lewontin, 
then, is to find some empirical test for adaptations.

	One might suspect that the problem for adaptationism is just blanket 
verificationism of the sort espoused logical positivists early last century. This 
would make the problem uninteresting because verificationism has been 
completely discredited. Virtually no one today would hold the practice of normal 
empirical science hostage to a priori verificationism. However, the problem for 
adaptationism cannot be dismissed this easily. It is grounded in concerns that 
specifically apply to adaptive explanations. Those who reject blanket verification 
still have to explain how the presupposition of adaptive explanations can be 
empirically verified. The fundamental challenge is to provide some empirical test 
for whether traits are adaptations.


The canonical response

	"The Spandrals of San Marco and the Panglossian Paradigm" attracted a 
swarm of responses by both biologists and philosophers. Although the responses 
differ from one another in various ways, many of them share the same basic 
form. In fact, this basic form of response is wide-spread enough that it could 
fairly be called "canonical." The basic form of the canonical response is to 
concede that there is no general empirical test for adaptations but it explain that 
away as normal empirical science. Here I will illustrate this response with 
Richard Dawkins and Daniel Dennett, and at the conclusion I will do the same 
with Elliott Sober. 
	Dawkins defends more than one thesis about adaptationism (recall the 
distinctions above), so we must first sort out these tangents. Dawkins notes that 
assuming that a trait is an adaptation—indeed, an optimal adaptation given the 
assumption that a certain set of constraints exist—can be a useful heuristic 
procedure, a productive working hypothesis for generating testable predictions 
(Dawkins 1982). If these predictions are confirmed, this can both support the 
original assumption and provide evidence about the actual constraints in the 
evolutionary process. The point to notice here is that methodological 
adaptationism consciously and deliberately takes no stand on whether the item 
in question is actually an adaptation. Instead, it explores what could be inferred 
if we assume that this presupposition were true. So, methodological 
adaptationism fails to take the Gould and Lewontin bull by the horns. It does not 
address the fundamental problem.
	Dawkins also defends limited adaptationism when he emphasizes that 
complex organs and behavior are quite likely to be adaptations. "The working 
hypothesis that they must have a Darwinian survival value [i.e., that they are 
adaptations] is overwhelmingly strong" (1982, p. 43). He similarly supports 
limited adaptationism when he states that he "shall only be concerned with those 
aspects of morphology, physiology, and behavior of organisms that are 
undisputedly adaptive solutions to problems" (1983a, p. 17). Almost everyone 
will grant that some traits are obviously adaptations, but limiting attention only 
to undisputed adaptations leaves a lot unexplained. Limited adaptationism side-
steps the fundamental challenge to adaptationism by restricting its interest only 
to uncontroversial adaptations. So to the extent that limited adaptationism is 
Dawkins's concern, he again ignores the fundamental challenge to 
adaptationism.
	Dawkins addresses the challenge to adaptationism itself when he 
considers traits that might conceivably not be adaptations. He defends 
adaptationism by pointing out that it is possible to test rival adaptive hypotheses 
by ordinary scientific methods, noting that "hypotheses about adaptation have 
shown themselves in practice, over and over again, to be easily testable, by 
ordinary, mundane methods of science" (Dawkins, 1983b, pp. 360f). 
	To appreciate Dawkins's defense, recall the distinction between specific 
and adaptive hypotheses. A specific adaptive hypothesis is a claim to the effect 
that a trait is an adaptation for the specific adaptive function X, where X is fully 
specified. Example: large primate testes are an adaptation for producing more 
sperm. A general adaptive hypothesis claims that a trait is an adaptation, but it 
does not specify its adaptive function; this is just the presupposition that the trait 
has an adaptive explanation. Example: large primate testes are an adaptation.
	Now, note that Dawkins's response concerns specific adaptive 
hypotheses. He wants to explain the specific adaptive functions of traits. 
Dawkins's central point is that specific adaptive hypotheses have observable 
consequences, so they entail empirical predictions and thus could be tested. 
Dawkins illustrates this point with primate testes size. As it happens, primate 
testes size scales roughly but not exactly with body size. If testes weight is 
plotted against body weight, there is considerable scatter around the average 
line.

A specific adaptive hypothesis is that in those species in which 
females mate with more than one male, the males need bigger 
testes than in those species in which mating is monogamous or 
polyganous: A male whose sperms may be directly competing with 
the sperms of another male in the body of a female needs lots of 
sperms to succeed in the competition, and hence big testes. Sure 
enough, if the points on the testis-weight/body-weight scattergram 
are examined, it turns out that those above the average line are 
nearly all from species in which females mate with  more than one 
male; those below the line are all from monogamous or polygynous 
species. The prediction from the adaptive hypothesis could easily 
have been falsified. In fact it was borne out… (1983b, p. 361)

This is an example of the empirical evidence corroborating the specific adaptive 
hypothesis. In some other cases the hypotheses fail corroboration. This illustrates 
one way in which biology tests specific adaptive hypotheses. 

	Note, though, that Dawkins does not address the fundamental problem of 
adaptationism. That problem is about the testability of general adaptive 
hypotheses—hypotheses to the effect that some trait is an adaptation. We should 
ask if Dawkins's point that specific adaptive hypotheses are testable provides 
any reason to think that general adaptive hypotheses are also testable. Now, the 
observable consequences of a specific adaptive hypothesis depend on the specific 
function hypothesized. Different functions may well entail different predictions. 
For example, the hypothesis that large primate testes are an adaptation for 
temperature regulation would entail a quite different prediction about where 
species fall in the testis-weight/body-weight scattergram. By contrast, the 
general hypothesis that large testes are an adaptation for something or other 
entails no prediction about where species fall in the scattergram. So, a general 
adaptive hypothesis inherits no observational consequences from specific 
hypotheses. For this reason, Dawkins admits that general adaptive hypotheses 
are untestable. "It is true that the one hypothesis that we shall never test is the 
hypothesis of no adaptive function at all, but only because that is the one 
hypothesis in this whole area that really is untestable" (1983b, p. 361). Dawkins 
here is explicitly conceding the fundamental challenge to adaptationism raised 
by Gould and Lewontin: there is no general empirical test for adaptations. This is 
a defining feature of the canonical response to Gould and Lewontin.
	Dawkins makes some headway against the problem of adaptationism for 
those traits  with a corroborated specific adaptive  hypothesis. Evidence for a 
specific function is a fortiori evidence that a function exists. So corroborating a 
specific adaptive hypothesis also corroborates the general hypothesis that the 
trait is an adaptation. But when there is no specific corroborated adaptive 
hypothesis for a trait—and this is the typical situation—Dawkins concedes the 
fundamental complaint against adaptationism.
	Daniel Dennett offers a principled reason for embracing the untestability 
of adaptive presuppositions. He gives many examples of adaptive stories that are 
"too obviously true to be worth further testing" (1995, p. 246). This is limited 
adaptationism, and as such it ignores the problem of adaptationism. Dennett also 
embraces a sweeping position near to panadaptationism, saying that 
adaptationism "plays a crucial role in the analysis of every biological event at 
every scale from the creation of the first self-replicating macromolecule on up" 
(1995, p. 238). But this also is no help with the problem of adaptationism. Dennett 
emphasizes that reverse engineering explains adaptations. Reverse engineering 
is typically applied to artifacts. It is the search for the reasons for an artifact's 
features, the reasons why it was engineered to have those features. Biological 
adaptations are not artifacts literally designed by some creator, of course, but 
Dennett points out that they are nevertheless crafted by natural selection, and 
this is enough for reverse engineering to work.

Darwin's revolution … permits [reverse engineering] to be 
reformulated. Instead of trying to figure out what God intended, 
we try to figure out what reason, if any, 'Mother Nature'—the 
process of evolution by natural selection itself—'discerned' or 
'discriminated' for doing things one way rather than another. … 
[E]ven at the molecular level, you just can't do biology without 
doing reverse engineering. (1995, p. 213).

Note that reverse engineering aims to try to discover the specific functions of 
parts. This aim presumes that the trait in question is designed by natural 
selection, i.e., that it is an adaptation. This presumption is not something that 
reverse engineering can test. When engaged in reverse engineering, if one 
specific adaptive hypothesis fails, your job is to keep searching for the best 
alternative specific adaptive hypothesis.

	Reverse engineering and methodological adaptationism have similar 
benefits. Given the assumption that something is an adaptation or, indeed, 
optimally designed, we can test different hypotheses about selective forces, 
heritable factors, etc., by seeing if optimality predictions given those constraints 
match what we observe. "The bootstrapping evidence that we have in fact 
located all the important constraints relative to which an optimal design should 
be calculated is that we make that optimizing calculation, and it turns out to be 
predictive in the real world" (1983, p. 353). So Dennett views adaptationism as a 
useful explanatory strategy. He likens it to "intentional stance" instrumentalism 
(Dennett 1971) with regard to the mind.

Adaptationism and mentalism (intentional systems theory) are not 
theories in one traditional sense. They are stances or strategies that 
serve to organize data, explain interrelations, and generate 
questions to ask Nature.  Were they theories in the 'classical' mold, 
the objection that they are question begging or irrefutable would be 
fatal, but to make this objection is to misread their point. (1983, p. 
353)

Dennett admits that adaptive presuppositions are virtually untestable, but he 
sees this not as a flaw but as a harmless property of all research strategies. 

	Dennett, like Dawkins, illustrates the canonical response to Gould and 
Lewontin. He concedes that there is no general empirical test for adaptations, but 
explains this away as normal science. In fact, Dennett views any general test for 
adaptationism as misguided pre-Darwinian essentialism. "We commit a 
fundamental error if we think that if we want to indulge in adaptive thinking we 
need a license and the only license could be the possession of a strict definition of 
or criterion for a genuine adaptation" (1995, p. 247). The next section produces an 
empirical criterion of just this sort.
	The common, canonical, response to Gould and Lewontin is 
unsatisfactory. It is too weak because it concedes Gould's and Lewontin's 
fundamental criticism and agrees that there is no general test for adaptations. I 
think we should make no such concession. Plenty of traits are not adaptations, 
and adaptive evolution is not always the right explanation. So we need a test for 
adaptations to tell when adaptive explanations are in the offing. I part company 
with the canonical response precisely where it agrees with Gould and Lewontin: 
on whether there is a general empirical test for adaptations.


The evolutionary activity test

	I will argue that it is possible to test adaptive presuppositions empirically. 
I think this test is the first satisfactory solution to the fundamental problem of 
adaptationism. My argument will be constructive. I will test adaptive hypotheses 
in evolving systems. The variety of illustrations should help suggest how the test 
can be applied to other systems. The issue is whether adaptive presuppositions 
are testable in principle. As Sober notes (1987, 1993), the issue is what tests are 
possible, not whether anyone actually carries out the tests. The testability of 
adaptive presuppositions does not prevent people from treating them as 
untestable.
	My method involves collecting and analyzing "evolutionary activity" 
information from an evolving system. Norman Packard and I developed and 
applied this method over a number of years with the help of students and 
colleagues.  
	From an abstract point of view an evolving system consists of a 
population of items with inherited features. (The system might contain many 
different kinds of evolving entities, at different levels of analysis. I use the term 
'item' for maximum generality. The items come from a wide range of 
possibilities, ranging from individual alleles to whole genotypes and beyond.) 
The items all participate in a cycle of birth, life and death. Innovations are 
introduced into the population through genetic operations like mutation and 
crossover. Everything else being equal, adaptive innovations tend to be inherited 
through the generations because of their beneficial effect on survival or 
reproduction. Maladaptive or neutral innovations tend to either disappear over 
generations or persist silently.
	The fundamental idea behind the evolutionary activity test is that we can 
detect whether an item is an adaptation by observing the extent to which it 
persists in the face of selection pressures.  Resistance to selection is the 
characteristic feature of adaptations. Whenever an item is active or expressed, 
natural selection has an opportunity to provide feedback about its adaptive 
value, its costs and benefits.  If it persists and spreads through a population 
when it is repeatedly active, and especially if it is much more active than one 
would expect if it had no adaptive value, then we have positive evidence that the 
item is persisting because of its adaptive value.  This is, we have positive 
evidence that it is an adaptation. Note that this evidence might imply nothing 
about the item's specific adaptive function.
	To apply this method, one must collect information about the extent to 
which items have been subjected to selection pressure and, thus, the extent to 
which their adaptive value has been tested. Since an item is subjected to selection 
pressure only when it is active or expressed, rather than passive and 
unexpressed, I call this data evolutionary "activity" or "expression" information.  
It is simple to collect and display evolutionary activity data for many kinds of 
items in many kinds of systems. For example, we can measure the activity of 
individual genes, clusters of genes, phenotypic traits or capacities of individual 
organisms, or the full sets of features that define genotypes or phenotypes. 
Technical papers with plenty of details are cited in the footnotes. Here I will 
provide a brief general summary and some illustrations of the methods involved. 
	The evolutionary activity method aims to identify innovations that make a 
positive difference in the life of the items that posses them. In general, an 
innovation makes a positive difference if it persists and continues to be active. 
So, with some simple bookkeeping, we can keep an historical record of the 
current activity of each item at each time. An item's cumulative activity comes 
from incrementing its current activity over its current lifetime. If the item is 
inherited during reproduction, its cumulative activity continues to be 
incremented by the child's current activity. In this way we build a count of each 
item's cumulative activity over its entire history in the population. 

	Many (e.g., G. C. Williams 1966, and R. M Burien 1992) have emphasized 
that adaptation is a historical concept; something is an adaptation not in virtue of 
what function it performs but in virtue of its causal etiology. This historical 
dimension is part of what has made adaptations especially difficult to identify. 
So it is worth emphasizing that evolutionary activity information is historical 
information. The cumulative activity of an item at a given time is not determined 
solely by its intrinsic state at that moment. It is also affected by all its activity 
over its previous history in the evolving system. In particular, an item's 
cumulative activity is the sum (or integral) of the extent to which it has been 
tested by selection over its previous history in the evolving system. Every time 
an item is exposed to natural selection, natural selection provides feedback about 
the item's adaptive value. So, an item will not continue to be tested by natural 
selection unless it has passed previous tests. So, the amount that an item has 
been tested by selection reflects how well tested it is, how successful it has been 
at passing the tests. In general, items that are sufficiently well tested by selection 
must be persisting because of selection for their adaptive value, so they must be 
adaptations.
	How "well tested" must something be to become an adaptation? Natural 
selection is not instantaneous. Merely having been subject to natural selection is 
no proof of being an adaptation. Maladaptive items must stand in the face of 
selection for some time before natural selection can drive them from the system. 
Only items that have been exposed to some natural selection can be evaluated for 
adaptive value. The process of natural selection sometimes involves repeated 
trials. So the mere fact that an item has been exposed to some selection is no 
guarantee that it is an adaptation. When using evolutionary activity information 
to gauge an item's resistance to natural selection, there is usually some noise in 
the data caused by nonadaptive items. We need some way to filter out this 
nonadaptive activity noise.
	To solve the noise problem we must figure out how much evolutionary 
activity nonadaptive items could have. So we must ask how activity will accrue 
to an item that persists only due to nonadaptive factors like random drift or 
architectural necessity. A general way to measure the expected evolutionary 
activity of nonadaptive items is to construct a neutral model of the target 
system—that is, a system that is similar to the target in all relevant respects 
except that none of the items in it has any adaptive significance.  (Concrete 
examples are described below.) The activity that items accumulate in the neutral 
model provides a null hypothesis for the target system. The neutral model 
activity accumulations show us how much activity to expect if items in a system 
like the target have no adaptive significance. The no-adaptation neutral model is 
a filter that we can apply to screen off nonadaptive noise. If we observe 
significantly more evolutionary activity in the target system than in its neutral 
shadow, we know that this "excess" activity cannot be attributed to nonadaptive 
factors. It must be the result of natural selection, so the items must be adaptations 
for something.  
	The essential motivation for this method is not new.  William Wimsatt 
pointed out that using neutral (random selection) models in biology as null 
hypotheses is "common and important" (1987, p. 28). David Raup makes 
especially effective use of neutral models in paleontology. For example, Raup 
wondered whether the extinction of the trilobites could be explained simply as 
bad luck, analogous to a gambler's ruin in a fair game, so he constructed a 
neutral model in which trilobite cladogenesis is "a purely random process with 
average rates of speciation and extinction no different from the averages for 
other organisms" (1987, p. 123). He found that probability of the trilobites going 
extinct due to bad luck was vanishingly small. This illustrates the essential 
features of my test for adaptations. But from the other direction, if something 
persists much longer than we would expect due just to chance, this implies it is 
persisting due to positive selection.
	Kimura's neutral theory of molecular biology (Kimura 1983; also see 
below) is also often used as a null hypothesis, against which the action of natural 
selection is gauged. Kimura's neutral theory predicts that molecular changes 
with little or no adaptive significance will occur much more rapidly. This 
reasoning, but run in the other direction, is the rationale behind my test: We can 
find significant adaptations by detecting those changes that persist longer than 
chance could explain. 
	At the molecular level my test for adaptations has implications for the 
relative rates at which introns and exons change. Chromosomes consist of two 
kinds of genetic segments: those that are unexpressed, called introns, and those 
that are expressed, called exons. Introns change more quickly than exons, 
presumably because the introns have little or no function and so are 
unconstrained by their function. The so-called "molecular clock"—the 
background rate of change of genetic molecules—ticks at the rate of change for 
introns. Exons can be discriminated in part by the fact that they change more 
slowly than the molecular clock. My neutral models are analogous to the 
molecular clock. They provide what you might call a "gene" or "genotype" clock. 
In each case, comparison with these neutral "clocks" are used to discern when 
natural selection is retaining some evolutionary novelty longer than would be 
expected just from the operation of the clock.
	So far I have been describing the method in very general terms and 
concentrating on its motivation and rationale. To apply this method in a practical 
context one must make two issues concrete. First, one must settle which kind of 
item to observe. Activity bookkeeping relies on being able to tell when items are 
added or subtracted from the system. In my examples below the items are whole 
genotypes or individual alleles. A genotype's addition into or subtraction out of 
an evolving system corresponds to its origination or extinction in the system.  A 
new allele is added to an evolving system through some process like mutation, 
and it is subtracted from the system when the last individual in the allele's 
lineage dies. 
	Second, one must find some way to operationalize the notion of being 
tested by selection. There is more than one way to do this. In the case of 
genotypes competing for survival, one measure of a genotype's resistance to 
selection is its concentration in the population. The greater the genotype's 
concentration, the more feedback that selection can provide about how well 
adapted it is. A genotype's evolutionary activity at a given moment, then, would 
be the sum (or integral) of its concentration during its history in the system up to 
that moment. This quantity reflects the full historical extent to which the 
genotype has been tested by selection. In the case of alleles competing for 
representation in the genome, natural selection tests an allele when the allele is 
expressed or used. Natural selection can provide feedback about an allele's 
adaptive value only when the allele is actually used. So, the sum (or integral) of 
its historical expression or use up to that point measures its historical resistance 
to selection.
	Evolutionary activity data can be analyzed in different ways to reveal 
different things about the process of adaptive evolution. I will illustrate how 
evolutionary activity data highlights various kinds of phenomena, including 
competitive exclusion, neutral variation, and random genetic drift. My first 
example concerns evolutionary activity of genotypes in a simple artificial 
evolutionary system called Evita. 


Visualizing evolutionary activity of genotypes 

	The Evita system is analogous to a population of self-replicating strands of 
RNA. It consists of a population of self-replicating strings competing for space.  
These strings are computer programs written in a customized assembly language 
and residing in computer memory. The programs make copies of themselves 
while being subject to mutations, and they run the risk of "dying" when space 
gets too crowded. 
	Evita is inspired by the famous artificial life system Tierra (Ray 1992), but 
it is much simpler because it disallows the kind of interactions that lead to 
parasitism and the other interesting evolutionary phenomena observed in Tierra. 
Evita's simplicity makes it an especially simple and clear illustration of how 
graphing evolutionary activity reveals a system's evolutionary dynamics.
	The system is initialized with a single human-written program placed 
randomly on a virtual rectangular grid in computer memory.  This program is 
designed in such a way that when it executes it copies each of its instructions into 
a neighboring spot on the grid, thereby producing a new copy of the program. 
Then this "offspring" and its parent both start executing, and each makes 
another copy of itself. This pattern repeats indefinitely. When space in computer 
memory is running low and a reproducing program cannot find an unoccupied 
neighboring grid location, one of the oldest neighbors is randomly selected and 
"killed," and the offspring takes the space just vacated.  No other interaction 
between programs is permitted. 
	In each update of the system the program at each occupied grid spot 
executes a fixed number of instructions.  This processing time is allocated in a 
way that is unbiased by spatial position; hence, no organism gains an advantage 
from its location on the grid.  In fact, the only advantage grid position can 
provide is the relative fitness of the surrounding population: your fitness 
depends on your reproduction rate relative to your neighbors. So competition in 
this system is spatially localized.
	Innovations enter the system through mutations, which are point 
mutations. They can fall on any existing program at any time, as if caused by 
cosmic-rays. When a mutation strikes an instruction in a program, the instruction 
is replaced by another instruction chosen at random with equal probability from 
the entire instruction set.  If the mutation rate is too low, there is no significant 
genetic change in the population. If the mutation rate is too high, the population 
dies out almost immediately because no successfully reproducing creature can 
survive the bombardment of mutations long enough to reproduce. With a 
moderate mutation rate, though, new kinds of programs are continually 
spawned. Many of these are maladaptive, reproducing slowly if at all. But some 
reproduce more quickly than their neighbors, and these tend to spread through 
the population, causing the population of programs to evolve over time.
	There is a clear distinction between genotype and phenotype in Evita. A 
given genotype is simply a string of assembly language code. If two programs 
differ in even one instruction they have different genotypes.  But two programs 
might have exactly the same behavior—the same phenotype—even though they 
have different genotypes.  The reason for this is that the only behavior of these 
programs, the only thing they "do", is reproduce, and the only relevant 
difference between the behaviors is the speed with which they reproduce.  Thus, 
any two genotypes that reproduce at the same rate have the same phenotype, no 
matter how different their genotypes. 
	The distinction between genotype and phenotype becomes important 
whenever programs contain unused or unimportant instructions. If a program 
includes instructions that never execute, these instructions can mutate freely 
without affecting the operation of the program; multiple genotypes—without 
phenotype distinction and so with exactly the same fitness—may then evolve 
through random genetic drift.
	Evita is explicitly designed so that the programs interact only by 
competing for space. On average, programs that reproduce faster will supplant 
their more slowly reproducing neighbors. A program's rate of reproduction 
depends only on its genotype. Here, we measure reproduction rate of a genotype 
as the reciprocal of the number of instructions that must be executed for an 
instance of that genotype to reproduce, on average. So, a genotype that uses half 
as many instructions to reproduce as a second genotype will have twice the 
reproduction rate of the second. A genotype's reproduction rate is the sole 
determinant of the expected rate at which programs with that genotype will 
produce offspring. Most significant adaptive events in Evita are changes in 
reproduction rate, so for present purposes we simply equate a genotype's fitness 
with its reproduction rate. 
	Two types of genetic changes can affect a genotype's reproduction rate: 
change in the length of the program and change in algorithm used by the 
program. Since a change in length increases or decreases the number of 
instructions that must be copied, it usually changes the reproduction rate.  Since 
adaptation is driven mainly by reproduction rate, shorter programs have a 
higher fitness, everything else being equal. In fact, a program typically gains a 
four-time-step decrease in reproduction time for each instruction that it drops.  
But things are sometimes different. To see why, consider a typical copy loop 
(code on the left, comments on the right): 

nop0    # a marker 
dec     # decrement the (BX) register 	
copy    # copy an instruction 	
ifnz    # if register (BX) not zero, 	
jmp-b   # jump back to the complement of the next marker 
nop2    # a marker, the complement of the marker nop0

An archetypal copy-loop algorithm change is unrolling the loop.  Well known to 
assembly language programmers, it involves reducing the time spent in a loop 
by reducing the loop overhead.  That is, by doing more within the actual loop 
code, one can reduce the number of times the loop is iterated, thus reducing the 
number of instructions that do not actually copy data but merely control the flow 
around the loop. Here is an example of how the previous copy loop can be made 
more efficient by unrolling the loop:

nop0	
dec 	
copy 	
dec     # this second copy command 	
copy    # is contained in the loop 	
ifnz 	
jmp-b 	
nop2 

Unrolling the loop can lead to a significant increase in the speed of execution.  
Comparing the two examples, above, in the first loop one copy is performed 
every four instructions, while in the second loop two copies are performed in the 
space of six instructions, resulting in a 50% increase in speed even though the 
second algorithm uses 30% more code.
	In order to discern how much of Evita's genotype activity can be 
attributed to the genotypes' adaptive significance, we must create a "neutral 
shadow" of Evita (recall the discussion of neutral models above). The crucial 
property of Evita's neutral shadow is that its evolutionary dynamics are like 
Evita's except that a genotype's presence or concentration or longevity in the 
shadow population cannot be due to its adaptive significance—for it has no 
adaptive significance.
	Evita's neutral shadow consists of a population of nominal "programs" 
with nominal "genotypes" which exist at grid locations, reproduce and die. 
These are not real programs and genotypes; they contain no actual instructions. 
Their only properties are their location on the grid, their time of birth, the 
sequence of reproduction events (if any) they go through, and their time of 
death. Each Evita run has its own corresponding neutral shadow (actually, an 
indefinite number of them, a qualification I will usually ignore). Events in an 
Evita run sometimes cause corresponding events in its neutral shadow, but 
events in a neutral shadow never affect the Evita run (hence, the 'shadow' 
terminology). 
	The frequency of mutation events in the neutral shadow is patterned 
exactly after the Evita run. Whenever a mutation strikes a shadow "program" it 
is assigned a new "genotype." The timing and number of birth and death events 
in the neutral shadow is also patterned exactly after the Evita run. The key 
difference is that, while natural selection can affect which programs reproduce in 
Evita, all selection in the neutral model is random. It works as follows: Whenever 
there is a birth in Evita, there is a birth in the neutral shadow. The oldest 
neighboring shadow "program" dies and the new child occupies the newly 
emptied grid location, just like in Evita. But while natural selection typically 
affect which Evita program reproduces (those that are more fit), random 
selection determines which neutral shadow "program" reproduces. In the 
neutral shadow, every "program" in the population always has an equal 
probability of being the lucky one to reproduce. Shadow children inherit their 
parent's "genotype" unless there is a mutation, in which case the shadow child is 
assigned a new "genotype."
	The evolutionary dynamics in the neutral shadow consists of a random 
walk in genotype space. Genotypes arise and go extinct, and their concentrations 
change over time, but the genotype dynamics are at best weakly linked to 
adaptation through the reproduction rate copied from Evita. Since the neutral 
shadow genotypes have no adaptive significance whatsoever, none of their 
features like longevity and concentration—and evolutionary activity—can be 
attributed to their adaptive significance. At the same time, by precisely 
shadowing the births, deaths, and mutations in Evita, the neutral shadow lets us 
see the expected evolutionary activity a genotype in a system exactly like Evita 
except for being devoid of natural selection. The neutral shadow defines a null 
hypothesis that specifies the evolutionary activity that we could expect to see 
due just to non-adaptive factors such as chance (e.g., random genetic drift) or 
necessity (e.g., the system's underlying architecture). By screening off Evita's 
nonadaptive  evolutionary dynamics we can determine which aspects of Evita's 
behavior are due to adaptations. This difference will show up vividly when we 
graph the evolutionary activity in Evita and in its neutral shadow.

Figure fig-2waves about here

A graph of Evita's evolutionary activity shows how evolutionary activity of the 
genotypes (on the y-axis) varies as a function of time (on the x-axis).  The most 
evident feature of such graphs is the presence of myriad lines or waves (as I will 
call them), clearly evident in the figures below.  Each wave corresponds to a 
single genotype and shows how that genotype's evolutionary activity varies over 
time. The slope of a given genotype's activity wave at a given time is the same as 
the genotype's concentration in the population at that time. This explains why 
the waves invariably arise from the x-axis and thence move up and to the right, 
as illustrated by the two isolated waves in Figure fig-2waves. When a new 
genotype enters the population, a new wave will arise from the x-axis. As the 
genotype's concentration in the population grows (or shrinks) over time, the 
slope of the wave increases (or decreases). When the genotype finally goes 
extinct, the slope of its wave falls to zero and the wave ends. In this way, a 
genotype's activity wave reflects its changing concentration throughout its 
history in the population.  
	Examining some Evita evolutionary activity graphs will make it clear how 
the graphs depict a evolutionary phenomena. In the Evita activity graphs shown 
here, the Evita system parameters were all identical except for mutation rate and 
elapsed time.  Each genotype in a given run is given a unique name of the form 
Nxxx, where N is a number indicating the genotype's length and xxx is a three-
character string (in effect, a base 52 number) indicating the genotype's order of 
origination among genotypes of that length. For example, 32aac is the third 
length 32 genotype to arise in the course of a given run.  
	These evolutionary activity graphs depict the history of the genotypes in a 
given Evita run.  The ancestral genotype always corresponds to the wave that 
arises out of the origin (see any of the figures).  When the ancestral genotype is 
driven to extinction by another genotype, the ancestral wave ends as one or more 
new significant waves arise.  Whenever one genotype drives another to 
extinction, a new wave arises as an earlier one dies out. Multiple waves coexist in 
the graph when multiple genotypes coexist in the population, and genotypic 
interactions that affect genotype concentrations are visible as changes in the 
slopes of waves. In general, the dominating genotype(s) during a given epoch of 
evolution appear as dominating wave(s) during that period of the activity 
diagram. 

Figure fig-neutral about here

The most important point to stress first is how the significant waves in these 
diagrams correspond to significant adaptations among the genotypes. We can 
see this most clearly by comparing an Evita evolutionary activity graph with an 
activity graph of its neutral shadow. Figure fig-neutral shows an evolutionary 
activity graph from both Evita (top) and its neutral shadow (bottom). The 
activity scale (y-axis) in these two plots is roughly comparable, except that 
activity on the bottom is expanded by a factor of three to make the neutral model 
activity easier to see. These graphs are strikingly different. Leaving aside the 
ancestral wave, the highest waves in the Evita are orders of magnitude higher 
than those in the neutral analogue.  This is clear evidence of how the size of a 
genotype's evolutionary activity waves in Evita reflects the genotype's adaptive 
significance. In the normal model, at each time one or a few genotypes enjoy a 
special adaptive advantage over their peers, and this is reflected by their 
correspondingly huge waves. The change in dominant waves reflects a new 
adaptation out competing the prior dominant adaptations. In the neutral 
analogue, by contrast, a genotype's concentration reflects only dumb luck, so no 
genotype activity waves rise significantly above their peers. 

Figure fig-mu=1 about here

The evolutionary activity graph in Figure fig-mu=1 is dominated by five waves 
corresponding to the five most populous genotypes over the course of the run. 
Miscellaneous low-activity genotypes that never claim a substantial following in 
the population are barely visible along the bottom of the activity plot. 
Comparing the origin of the waves with the average population fitness shows 
that each of the significant new waves corresponds to a genotype that has a 
significant fitness advantage over its predecessors. Closer examination of those 
genotypes discloses those adaptive advantages. The first significant new wave is 
caused by genotype 33aad, which reproduces much faster than the ancestral 
genotype 37aaa due to its shorter length. The next significant evolutionary 
activity wave, the largest one in the graph, is caused by genotype 33aak; this 
genotype is the same length as 33aad but it can reproduce faster because it has a 
shorter copy loop. Notice the kink in 33aak's wave at about time step 2000. 
Magnifying the low-activity waves at that time shows that this kink is 
simultaneous with the start of another wave—the fourth main wave in this plot, 
due to genotype 31aab which is still shorter in length. The post-kink slope in 
33aak's wave is slightly less than that of 31aab's wave, and in fact genotype 
31aab's shorter length gives it only a slight fitness advantage (about 1%) over 
genotype 33aak. Finally, the fifth significant wave is caused by a genotype, 
30aab, which reproduces faster than genotype 31aab due to its slightly shorter 
length. This activity graph clearly highlights those genotypes with a significant 
adaptive advantage over their peers. In addition to births and deaths of 
significant genotypes, we clearly see the dynamics of competitive exclusion 
between the major genotypes in the evolving system.

Figure fig-mu=2 about here

Figure fig-mu=2 is an evolutionary activity graph from an Evita run with a 
slightly higher mutation rate. The main activity waves in this graph correspond 
to the main fitness jumps, as in the previous graph. Closer analysis reveals that 
the major adaptive events consist of shortening a genotype's length or copy loop. 
But there are two interesting exceptions to this pattern, leaving a characteristic 
signature in the activity waves.

Figure fig-mu=2.blowup about here

First, notice that the second fitness jump corresponds to a cluster of seven similar 
genotypes (33aap, 33aaq, 33aar, 33aas, 33aat, 33aau, 33aav) which all arise at 
about the same time and which together contribute to a dense cloud of activity 
waves. Figure fig-mu=2.blowup is a blowup of this cloud of waves. These 
genotypes differ from each other only by mutations at an unexpressed locus, so 
they all use exactly the same algorithm and are neutral variants of one another—
different genotypes with exactly the same phenotype. The unexpressed locus 
was created by a mutation which produced a non-template instruction inside the 
template surrounding the copy loop, saving one executed instruction per loop 
traversal and thus significantly increasing fecundity. Once this mutation has 
occurred, almost any other mutation at the same locus creates another non-
template instruction with an identical fitness benefit, so a cloud of neutral 
variants quickly grows. Since these neutral variants have exactly the same fitness 
advantage over their predecessors, and since they all are just one mutation away 
from each other, they engage in adaptive interactions with competing genotypes 
effectively as a single higher-level phenotype. If the evolutionary activity data 
from these neutral variant genotypes were pooled and graphed as a single 
phenotype, they would constitute a single salient wave on a par with the other 
salient waves. 
	Second, notice that the fourth salient wave (due to genotype 32abl) does 
not correspond to a significant fitness jump.  The fact that the waves from 32aaV 
and 32abl coexist for a long time (about 1000 time steps), rather than one quickly 
driving the other to extinction by competitive exclusion, indicates that they are 
nearly neutral variants.  In fact, the fitness of the second wave (32abl) exceeds 
that of the first wave (32aaV) by about only 0.5%, for 32abl has a mutation which 
causes a single instruction to be skipped, for a net savings of one instruction per 
reproduction event. The interactions among the three salient waves between time 
steps 4000 and 5000 have a similar explanation.  They are a significant 
improvement (5% fitness advantage) over the genotypes that they drive extinct, 
but they differ from one another by much less (under 2% fitness difference).

Figure fig-mu=2long about here

If this run is extended significantly further (Figure fig-mu=2long), we continue to 
see competitive exclusion between genotypes when the origination of one 
genotype wave causes the end of another, and we also continue to see neutral 
variants when significant genotype waves persist simultaneously for a significant 
duration.

Figure fig-mu=10 about here

When we increase the mutation rate an order of magnitude, we see a new 
phenomenon.  Classic competitive exclusion dominates during the first 2000 time 
steps, but evolution then reaches an equilibrium and the bulk of the subsequent 
evolutionary change consists of random drift among selectively-neutral 
genotypes—the sort of neutral evolution emphasized by Motoo Kimura (1983).  
The difference between these kinds of evolutionary phenomena is clearly 
indicated in the different quality of the activity waves. A genotype winning at 
competitive exclusion typically causes a relatively smooth and sigmoidal-shaped 
wave (although the bottom of the wave will be truncated if it's concentration 
rises extremely fast). By contrast, random drift causes waves that are much more 
wiggly because the wave's slope randomly rises and falls as the genotype's 
concentration wanders up and down. This difference can be clearly seen in 
Figure fig-2waves. The sigmoidal wave in Figure fig-2waves is 32abl from Figure 
fig-mu=2, which arose through competitive exclusion. The wiggly wave in 
Figure fig-2waves is taken from the random genetic drift in the middle of Figure 
fig-mu=10.

Figure fig-mu=40 about here

A final Evita activity graph (Figure fig-mu=40) shows how Evita's long-term 
adaptive dynamics are hard to predict. Competitive exclusion dominates the first 
3000 time steps of the run; some is evident in sigmoidal wave, but some is 
hidden in low-lying clouds of neutral variants. Next, the rather wiggly waves 
signal that over half of the run consists of random genetic drift among more or 
less neutral variants with minute differences in fitness. It is interesting to note 
that genotype 24aNR takes two more instructions to reproduce and so is slightly 
less fit, than the genotype (24avp) which it supplants.  This illustrates how 
marginal fitness improvements do not always win the day during random drift. 
At about two-thirds the way through the run we see the emergence of a new 
genotype (24bxI) which totally dominates the rest of the run. Genotype 24bxI has 
a huge fitness advantage (about 20%) over its competitors because it has 
acquired the ability to "unroll the loop'" (recall the discussion above).  The run 
ends in a period of evolutionary equilibrium, with a variety of new genotypes 
coexisting with the original loop-unroller. The wiggly waves suggests that this is 
random genetic drift of neutral variants of the loop-unrolling genotype.
	With very little interaction among "organisms" and a relatively fixed and 
predictable fitness function (replication rate is the one key to success), Evita 
makes it especially simple to see the crux of my test for adaptations among 
genotypes. My overall argument is that the evolutionary activity method 
provides a feasible empirical test for adaptations. Further examples will show 
how this test can be applied to other situations. For example, in Evita we focused 
on whole genotypes. In a moment we will consider an example that concentrates 
on individual genes.
	The main lesson to learn from this example in Evita is simple: Significant 
evolutionary activity waves are adaptations—genotypes that are persisting and 
spreading through the population because of their relative adaptive value. 
Natural selection is promoting them because of their relative reproduction rate; 
they flourish because of selection for this. 
	The evidence for the main lesson is direct and compelling. It has three 
parts. First, new significant waves coincide with significant jumps in average 
population fitness. This shows that the new genotype spreading through the 
population and making the new wave is an adaptive advantage over its 
predecessors. Second, microanalysis of the genotypes in the new waves reveals 
the specific adaptation that each involves. We can easily understand how the 
genetic novelties in the genotypes had an adaptive advantage over their 
competition. Third, in a neutral model in which chance and architectural 
necessity are allowed full reign and natural selection is debarred by fiat, no 
genotype stands out enough to make a significant wave. So, the major 
evolutionary activity waves in Evita could be produced only by continual natural 
selection of those genotypes, and natural selection of the genotypes must be due 
to selection for their adaptive value.
	Clouds of neutral variants are an exception to this main lesson, but they 
are an exception that proves the rule. The different waves that make up the cloud 
in Figure fig-mu=2 (detail in Figure fig-mu=2.blowup) are not different 
adaptations but the same adaptation. Their genotypes differ, but they express the 
same adaptive phenotype. This shows that new significant waves might not be 
new phenotypic adaptations. New significant waves are still adaptations, for 
they are persisting because of their adaptive value, but they are all different 
genotypic instances of the same phenotypic adaptation. If a cloud contains 
enough neutral variants, each individual wave might be small enough that it 
would not be significantly different from the waves produced in a neutral model. 
The neutral variants in Figure fig-mu=2.blowup stand out from neutral activity 
waves, but not by a lot. (The neutral model produces waves like the "little hairs" 
along the bottom of the Figure.) 
	It is possible for a new adaptation to be lost in a big enough cloud of 
neutral variants. This shows that this test for adaptations can have false 
negatives; adaptations might not all be detected. False negatives can happen 
when we apply the test to items at a suboptimal level of analysis. In Evita, 
adaptations are not really genotypic but phenotypic, so the phenotype is a better 
level of analysis for seeing the dynamics of adaptive evolution in Evita. 
However, for practical reasons we have looked at activity in Evita at the level of 
the genotype (because it is simple to get the data). If we computed and graphed 
the evolutionary activity of phenotypes, then the new adaptations would stand 
out much more. Graphing activity of the appropriate items reveals the cleanest 
picture of how evolution produces adaptations. In fact, comparing activity for 
different items is a way to discover which items are undergoing adaptive 
evolution. However, when it is impractical or inconvenient to collect activity 
information for the right items, related items usually provide a clear enough 
picture of most adaptations. For example, in Evita adaptation concerns 
phenotypes primarily and genotypes only secondarily (because of neutral 
variants), but the genotype activity in the figures above is a pretty clear picture of 
how phenotypes adapt.
	Note that this method reveals which genotypes are adaptive without in 
general showing what makes them adaptive. For example, inspection of Figure 
fig-mu=1 shows that the first major new wave produced by genotype 33aad is an 
adaptation but it does not show what it is about 33aad that makes it better than 
its peers. We can usually discover a genotype's adaptive advantage by 
independent microanalysis; for example, we discovered that 33aad was shorter 
and so reproduced faster. But we use the wave diagrams to discern first which 
genotypes are the adaptations and so are worthy of investigation. It goes without 
saying that this test has no panadaptive implications or presuppositions. There 
are many maladaptive genotypes in Evita; their activity creates the "little hairs" 
along the bottom of the wave diagrams. Furthermore, if Evita's mutation rate is 
too high or too low, then natural selection fails to work (see chapter XX). In either 
case, there are plenty of evolutionary activity waves but they are not significantly 
different from neutral activity waves, so none are adaptations. The evolutionary 
activity test lets the adaptive chips fall where they may.


Visualizing evolutionary activity of genes 

	So far we have been looking at evolutionary activity of Evita genotypes. 
But it many cases it is more natural to consider individual genes as adaptations. 
We will see that, just as with genotypes, so with genes: Significant evolutionary 
activity waves are the sign of adaptations. 
	I will illustrate gene-level adaptations in a second artificial evolving 
system: Packard's Bugs model. This system is excellent for observing the 
adaptive significance of individual genes. The genes encode sensory-motor rules, 
so they are easy to interpret and nicely illustrate my test. Also, it is impossible for 
maladaptive agents to survive for even briefly in this model, so there is no 
significant nonadaptive noise to filter—another useful simplification.
	The Bugs model was devised by Norman Packard as a system in which 
macro-level evolutionary dynamics emerge implicitly from an explicit micro-
level agent interactions.  The model consists of a population of agents with 
evolving sensory-motor functionality. The agents' survival hinges on their 
sensory-motor genes, for these genes control how local sensory information cues 
behavior. Finding resources requires contextually appropriate behavior patterns. 
Thus, information processing and resource processing are the two internal 
processes that dominate the agents' lives. An agent's continued existence 
depends enhancing its sensory-motor functionality by coordinating those two 
processes.  Since the requirements of sensory-motor functionality may well alter 
as the context of evolution changes, continued viability and vitality requires that 
sensory-motor functionality can adapt in an open-ended, autonomous fashion.  
Packard's model attempts to capture an especially simple form of this open-
ended, autonomous evolutionary adaptation.

	The model consists of a finite two-dimensional world with resources and a 
population of agents. The agents exist in a spatial grid, sensing the resources in 
their local environment, moving as a function of what they sense, ingesting the 
resources they find, and reproducing or dying as a function of their internal 
resource supply. The model's spatial grid has wrap-around boundaries, so the 
world is a toroidal lattice. If you keep going "west" in a straight line, you will 
eventually end up back where you started. Besides the agents, all that exists in 
the world are 60 tiny square blocks of resources. Each block is 3 sites on a side, so 
it consists of 9 square sites of food. The resource blocks are randomly scattered 
over the world, separated from one another by a resource-less "desert." As the 
agents ingest the resources they are immediately replenished from an external 
source, so the distribution of tiny blocks is static in space and time. Nevertheless, 
the agents constantly extract and expend resources by living and reproducing, so 
the agents are resource "sinks."
	Adaptation is resource driven since the agents need a steady supply of 
resources to survive and reproduce.  Agents interact with the resource field at 
each time step by ingesting the resources (if any) found at their current location 
and storing it in their internal resource reservoir. To survive agents must 
continually refill this reservoir, for existing and moving expend resources. This 
continual resource consumption represents the internal metabolic processes that 
keep the agents alive. If an agent's internal resource supply drops to zero, it dies 
and disappears from the world.
	Each agent moves each time step. Its ability to find resources depends on 
its sensory-motor functionality—that is, the way in which its perception of its 
local environment affects its behavior. This sensory-motor functionality is 
genetically encoded in a table of rules of the form:

 IF environmental condition E is sensed THEN do behavior B. 

The table of rules constitutes a sensory-motor map. An important feature of the 
environment is that each world site can contain only one agent at a time. So, if 
one agent tries to move to a site that another agent already occupies, the former 
agent makes a random walk to the first free site it finds. 
	The agents have a limited range of sensory states and behaviors. An agent 
can sense whether there are resources (but not the other agents) in each of the 
five sites centered on its present location in the lattice—its so-called von 
Neumann neighborhood. Since in principle each of these five sites can either 
contain or be devoid of resources, the agents can discriminate 25=32 different 
environmental conditions. But since the world is scattered with 3x3 blocks of 
food, in practice agents detect only 14 different conditions (SEE FIGURE OF 15 
ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS). In other words, the agents are typically in 
one of 14 sensory states. An agent's behavioral repertoire is limited to straight 
jumps between one and fifteen sites in the eight compass directions (north, 
northeast, east, etc.), for a total of 15x8=120 different possible behaviors. So, the 
genotype encoding an agent's sensory-motor functionality consists of a 
genetically hardwired movement for each detectable environmental condition. 
These genotypes are extremely simple, amounting to nothing more than a table 
of sensory-motor rules. Nevertheless, the space in which adaptation occurs is 
vast, consisting of 12014 or about 1032 distinct possible genotypes.

	The sensory-motor functionality in the population of agents can evolve 
when the agents reproduce.  An agent reproduces (asexually) if its resource 
reservoir fills up. The parent produces one child, which starts life with half of its 
parent's resource supply. The child also inherits its parent's sensory-motor map, 
except that mutations may change the behaviors linked to some of the sensory 
states. In the extreme case in which the mutation rate is set to the maximal level, 
a child's entire sensory-motor map would be chosen at random. (In the results 
shown here the mutation rate produced about one mutation per reproduction 
event on average.)
	In a single time step the model has each agent in turn complete the 
following sequence of events: sense its von Neumann neighborhood, move to the 
new location dictated by its sensory-motor map (and if it is occupied randomly 
walk to the first unoccupied site), consume any resources found at its new 
location, expend the resources needed to survive and move, and finally 
reproduce (or die) if its resource reservoir is full (or empty). A given simulation 
starts with randomly distributed agents containing randomly chosen sensory-
motor strategies. As time progresses, the population's size and genetic 
constitution changes according to the contingencies with which the agents find 
resources. Agents with maladaptive strategies tend to find few resources and 
thus to die, taking their sensory-motor genes with them; but agents with 
adaptive strategies tend to find sufficient resources to reproduce, spreading their 
sensory-motor strategies (with some mutations) through the population. Thus, 
on an evolutionary time scale, the process of natural selection implicitly adapts 
the population's sensory-motor strategies to the contingencies of its 
environment.
	All macro-level evolutionary dynamics produced by this model ultimately 
are the result of explicit micro-level mechanisms acting on external conditions.  
The model dynamics explicitly controls only local micro-level states: resources 
are locally replenished, an agent's genetically encoded sensory-motor strategy 
determines its local behavior, an agent's behavior in its local environment 
determines its internal resource level, an agent's internal resource level 
determines whether it survives and reproduces, and genes randomly mutate 
during reproduction.  Each agent is autonomous in the sense that its behavior is 
determined solely by the environmentally sensitive dictates of its own sensory-
motor strategy.  On an evolutionary time scale these sensory-motor strategies are 
continually refashioned by the historical contingencies of natural selection.  The 
model generates macro-level evolutionary dynamics only as the indirect product 
of an unpredictably shifting agglomeration of directly controlled micro-level 
events (individual actions, births, deaths, mutations).
	Agents with different strategies have a hard time surviving on the same 
3x3 block because the available real estate is so limited. They tend to collide and 
this bumps one of them off the block into the resource desert. Once in the desert, 
an agent will move in a straight line (doing whatever behavior is genetically 
encoded at its desert locus) until it finds and colonizes another resource block or 
perishes. Thus, the agents on a given 3x3 block typically all follow exactly the 
same behavioral strategy. They are all in a holding pattern, chasing one another 
around the tiny block. The patterns are simple cycles that jump through a 
sequence of sites on the block. (There is a complication: sometimes strategies 
include steps from sites outside the cycle back into the cycle. These steps "drain" 
the bugs back into the cycle if they get bumped out of it, so I call them "drains." 
I'll return to them below.) The simplest cycles (period 2) consist of jumping back 
and forth between two sites on a block. The next simplest strategy (period 3) 
cycles through a triple of sites. The most complex strategy would cycle through 
all nine sites on the block.
	Everything else being equal, behavioral strategies with higher periods 
have a selective advantage. Since a 3x3 block contains 9 distinct sites, it can 
support at most a period 9 strategy. A period N strategy has room for at most N-
1 agents (one of the agents must move first and its destination must be free). 
Longer period strategies can support larger populations because they can exploit 
more of the available energetic resources. All agents on blocks gather resources 
and reproduce at the same rate, so a block with a larger population will produce 
offspring at a higher rate. Once a cycle is full of agents, children can no longer fit 
on the block with their parents, so they are bumped into the resource desert. A 
block with a full cycle continually produces children which migrate through the 
desert until they colonize new blocks or perish. Thus, full blocks with larger-
period strategies will have a higher population, and so they will produce 
children more quickly and so exert greater migration pressure. This means that 
longer-period strategies enjoy a selective advantage throughout the scattering of 
tiny resource islands.
	Thus, the typical adaptation in the Bugs model is an extension of the 
period of an existing strategy, which allows the population to exploit more of the 
available resource sites. Over evolutionary time, then, the cyclic strategies tend to 
increase in period through natural selection. Observed population level nicely 
reflects the fitness of the genotypes in the population in resource-driven and 
space-limited models like Packard's Bugs. In a world with 60 tiny resource 
blocks, for example, a period N strategy that is distributed across the blocks can 
support N-1 agents per block, for a total population around 60*(N-1). As higher 
period strategies evolve, the population level typically shows striking 
punctuations, increasing by about 60 each time.
	We can read these adaptive phenomena in gene-level evolutionary 
activity wave diagrams. In these diagrams, each gene in each bug has an activity 
counter, but we can increment activity with a procedure that is more sensitive to 
selection pressure. Each time a bug senses its local environment and moves 
according to its genetically encoded sensory-motor map, it uses one of its genes.  
We simply increment a gene's activity counter each time that gene is used, that 
is, each time the bug uses the sensory-motor rule in which that gene is encoded. 
Natural selection can provide feedback on a sensory-motor gene only when it is 
expressed, and our activity counters are simply counting the number of times a 
gene has been expressed. When a child is inherits genes from its parent, it also 
inherits the parent's activity values for those genes, unless there is a mutation in 
which case that gene's activity value is reset to zero. In this way, a gene's activity 
count records its exposure to selection pressure over its life in the gene pool. A 
mutation that confers a significant advantage—e.g., one that lengthens a cycle 
period—will tend to be persistently used through many generations, so it will 
leave a significant wave in the activity graph.

Figure scatter.9.11 about here

Figure scatter.12.2 about here

In this model with the present evolutionary activity counting scheme, an activity 
wave's slope reflects the frequency with which the gene is being used. Since the 
sensory-motor strategies are cycles, the frequency with which a given gene is 
used is inversely proportional to the length of the cycle, and the slope of the 
wave is simply the reciprocal of the cycle length. You can see this by comparing 
the activity waves in Figures scatter.9.11 and scatter.12.2.  Figure scatter.9.11 
shows the activity wave from a period two cycle, and the wave has a slope of 
1/2. In this case, only one agent lives during the course of the entire run (the 2-
cycle involved a quite large jump, back and forth from one block to another, and 
the magnitude of the jump exacted a severe metabolic cost). The activity wave in 
Figure scatter.12.2 is a period three cycle, and its slope is 1/3. You can see the 
population level grow during the course of this run, as the 3-cycle agents 
colonize more and more of the 3x3 blocks.

Figure scatter.10.2 about here

A period-lengthening adaptation is clearly evident in Figure scatter.10.2. The 
initial adaptation is a 2-cycle, and the activity of the genes for this strategy make 
up the first wave (with slope 1/2). This 2-cycle consists of these two genes: (a) If 
you are in the middle of a block, move up one step. This rule will put you in the 
middle of the top row of the block. (b) If you are in the middle of the top row of a 
block, move down one step. This rule will put you back in the middle of the 
block. (See Figure 10.2.cycles.) You can see the population level rise and then 
plateau at around 60 as the agents colonize the 60 little 3x3 resource blocks. 

Figure 10.2.cycles about here

An interesting detail in the evolutionary activity diagram occurs at this juncture. 
A little after all the blocks are colonized, the main wave spreads out a bit and 
eventually splits into two roughly parallel waves. At the same time, a very low 
slope wave arises from the bottom of the diagram. These changes are caused by a 
fortuitous rule that allows some of the agents bumped into the desert next to the 
block to jump back into the middle of the block. This rule has the form: (b') If you 
are in the desert next to the top edge of the block, jump down two steps. This will 
land you in the middle of the block. The front part of the main wave is the 
activity for the gene (a) described in the text, the back part of the main wave is 
the activity for gene (b) described in the text, and the low slope wave is the 
activity for gene (b'). Thus, the low slope wave corresponds to an infrequent 
period-two strategy in which rule (a) is followed by being bumped into the 
desert (so rule (b) is not used), followed by use of rule (b'). Note that the use of 
rule (a) approximately equals the use of both rules (b) and (b').

	The second major event in the evolutionary activity wave diagram occurs 
about two thirds of the way into the run, when the second major wave 
originates.  Note that the slope of the second wave is about 1/3 and that the 
population level makes a big jump up to around 120. All these clues point to 
what happened: genetic innovations generated a period-three cycle and it 
subsequently spread across all the resource blocks. This 3-cycle consists of two 
mutations: First, gene (b) is replaced with gene (c): If you are in the middle of the 
top row of a block, go one step to the right. This will place you in the block's 
upper right corner. The second mutation produced gene (d): If you are in the 
block's upper right corner, go one step on the diagonal down and to the left. This 
will place you back in the middle of the block. (See Figure 10.2.cycles.) Replacing 
gene (b) with (c) and (d) expands the (a, b) 2-cycle into the (a, c, d) 3-cycle.

Figure scatter.10.14 about here

Figure 10.14.cyclesequence about here

We can see a series of similar period-lengthening adaptations in Figure 
scatter.10.14, in which the main features are labelled. Each major new wave has 
lower slope and it corresponds to a major jump in population level, as the 
population goes from a 2-cycle to a 3-cycle, then to a 4-cycle, and then to a 5-
cycle. Figure 10.14.cyclesequence diagrams the genes involved in these 
adaptations. As the genes in shorter cycles are incorporated into longer cycles, 
you can see kinks in their activity waves (second and third major waves) as their 
slope falls from 1/3 to 1/4 to 1/5. This diagram shows a new feature at the first 
period-lengthening adaptation. In this case, when the 2-cycle is replaced by a 3-
cycle, the 3-cycle genes do not conflict with one of the 2-cycle genes, so that gene 
remains in the population as a virtually unexpressed vestigial rule. (It drains into 
the new 3-cycle.) It traces a horizontal line in the activity diagram since it no 
longer accrues new usage.
	Our examination of evolutionary activity waves of individual genes 
supports the same lesson as with genotypes: Significant waves correspond to 
significant adaptations—genes that are persisting and spreading over 
generations because of their adaptive value. They are flourishing in the gene pool 
through the operation of natural selection. Furthermore, this is selection for the 
genes, not just selection of the genes, as we can see by the jumps in population 
level that match big new waves and by microanalysis of how the new genes are 
period-lengthening adaptations. Although we use microanalysis of the specific 
adaptations to confirm the lesson that significant waves are significant 
adaptations, we can exploit this lesson without delving into which adaptation 
each wave involves. Activity wave diagrams show us when new adaptations 
arise without revealing or depending on information about what that adaptation 
is. In general, the existence of a new significant wave reveals that the adaptive 
presupposition is true—natural selection is operating—without supporting any 
specific adaptive hypothesis. In some cases we can do more than this. For 
example, in the Bugs activity wave diagrams the slope of a new wave typically 
indicates the period of the cyclic strategy in which a given gene participates, so 
new waves which lower the slopes of existing waves signal a period-lengthening 
adaptation. But even without knowing this, we know that a new wave is a new 
adaptation.
	We can confidently interpret evolutionary activity waves in Packard's 
Bugs model (as described here) as adaptations even without comparison with a 
neutral model. This is because agents lacking the genes for a cyclic strategy 
quickly die and so add negligible activity to the system. Filtering with a neutral 
model would cut off the "little hairs" along the bottom of the activity wave 
diagram, but in this case the "little hairs" are so minuscule that we can ignore 
them. So the Bug gene activity data needs no neutral filtering. 
	The Bugs illustrated how altering a system's parameters can magnify 
nonadaptive noise. If we decrease the mutation rate until the system never 
encounters new beneficial genes, then its activity waves would look like a neutral 
model. The same holds if we increase the mutation rate so much that the system 
cannot retain beneficial genes. This underscores how the activity method does 
not prejudice the question whether natural selection is operating. As I put it 
above, the method lets the adaptive chips fall where they may and shows where, 
if anywhere, they are. In some predictable cases (such as when the rate at which 
genetic variation is being generated is lethally high or absolutely zero), no new 
adaptations will be produced. So, it is not the case that general adaptive 
hypotheses are universally true.


Generalizing the evolutionary activity test

	Testing for genotype- and gene-level adaptations in Evita and the Bugs 
illustrates the evolutionary evolutionary activity solution to the problem of 
adaptationism. The examples triangulate a general method for testing for 
adaptations. The sign that an evolutionary process is creating adaptations is that 
its activity data is significantly higher than what you would expect if selection 
were random. If activity waves rise above the noise generated in an appropriate 
random selection neutral model, then you know the corresponding items are 
adaptations (modulo complications about hitchhikers and genetic drift, 
discussed below) even though you may have little or no knowledge about what 
those adaptations are. It shows that some adaptive explanation is needed but it 
silent about the merits of any specific explanation. That is, you have evidence for 
a general adaptive hypothesis even if you have no evidence for any specific 
adaptive hypothesis.
	This evolutionary activity test applies to evolutionary systems across the 
board, and it applies across levels of selection. We have seen it applied to whole 
genotypes and to individual genes, and it is easy to generalize it to other possible 
targets of natural selection. Our discussion of neutral variants in Evita 
generalized the test to phenotypes. The test also easily generalizes to functionally 
integrated clusters of genes. Evolutionary activity data for the use of cyclic gene 
sequences, for example, would make the period-lengthening adaptations in 
Packard's Bugs model even more evident.
	To apply the evolutionary activity method we must choose what items to 
observe and how to increment their activity. These choices affect how the activity 
waves looks, so we must remember our choices when interpreting evolutionary 
activity waves. Here is a very simple example. Consider one locus with three 
alleles—A, B, and C—and assume there is an adaptive evolutionary cycle among 
these alleles: Allele A is replaced by allele B, which is replaced by allele C, which 
is replaced by allele A, which is replaced by allele B, etc. Each of these alleles is 
an improvement on its predecessor, but none is globally optimal because fitness 
is context sensitive. If we collected activity data for each instance of each kind of 
allele and incremented it according to its concentration in the population, the 
activity diagram would show a continual stream of new waves, as in the top of 
Figure pgs.allele.instances. This might seem to violate the lesson that new waves 
indicate new adaptations. The subsequent instances of the alleles are not "new" 
adaptations but just new instances of "old" adaptations. 

Figure pgs.waves about here

This example shows that one must distinguish kinds of alleles from instances of 
those kinds, and then one must choose which to examine. Those interested in the 
evolution of new instances of alleles should collect activity data for each instance 
of each kind of allele (the first instance of A, the second instance of A, …, the first 
instance of B, the second instance of B, etc.). The resulting data would appear as 
in the top of Figure pgs.waves. In this case, when evolution produces a new 
instance of an allele, the activity diagram will show the start of a new wave 
because it is a new example of the adaptive evolution of an allele instance. So 
those new waves do correspond to new adaptations. On the other hand, if we are 
interested in the evolution of new kinds of allele, then we should attach activity 
counters to each kind of allele (A, B, C). In this case, when evolution produces a 
new instance of an allele, the activity diagram will show an increase in slope of 
an existing wave, as in the bottom of Figure pfs.waves. With each turn of the A-
B-C cycle, the three waves for A, B, and C would each in turn step upwards and 
then level out. The only new waves in the diagram would correspond to the 
origin of the first instance of each kind of allele. As before, the new waves 
correspond to new adaptations at the level of analysis we have chosen to 
observe.
	Our illustrations of the method have involved artificial evolving systems, 
mainly because it is so easy to get evolutionary activity data from computer 
models. It is harder to get analogous data from natural systems but it is possible, 
and the method applies in the same way, regardless of where the data originated. 
All that is needed is a time series of current evolutionary activity increments for 
the item being observed. I have measured evolutionary activity statistics in the 
fossil record, for example, and compared it with evolutionary activity in Evita, 
and Packard's Bugs (Bedau et al. 1997, 1998).  In an analogous way, a time series 
of concentrations of RNA species in RNA evolution in flow reactors could be 
processed to reveal the activity waves of significant adapting RNA species. The 
same holds for the evolution of almost any other natural evolving system, such 
as bacterial ecologies. Collecting the relevant data would be hard, but it is within 
the realm of possibility today. Automated methods for sequencing genomes and 
measuring gene expression levels will soon provide an unprecedented, detailed 
picture of gene-level evolutionary activity in natural systems.  
	Evolution in some natural systems is too slow or inaccessible to produce 
the data needed for an evolutionary activity analysis. The only real hurdle to 
measuring evolutionary activity in natural systems is the practical problem of 
getting enough of the right kind of historical data. This is the familiar sort of 
practical difficulty that any empirical science must face. 
	Let me ward off a possible misunderstanding here. Evita and Packard's 
Bugs are not intended to be realistic simulations of particular biological systems. 
Although I sometimes refer to them as "models," none are intended to represent 
another real system. Instead, they are "idea" models, aiming to capture certain 
abstract principles at work in evolving systems.  They are thought experiments—
specifically, emergent thought experiments (REF earlier ch). They should be 
thought of as evolving systems in their own right, with their own idiosyncratic 
features. So, to study a system's evolutionary activity, it is not necessary to make 
a model of a system. Instead, activity data is collected directly from the system, 
just as we did when studying evolutionary activity in Evita and the Bugs. 
Evolutionary activity data is a way to visualize and quantify the dynamics of the 
creation of adaptations produced by evolving systems. It is not a way to "model" 
evolving systems.
	The evolutionary activity test naturally deals with all the key issues in the 
debate among Gould and Lewontin and their critics. The test does not assume 
that traits are adaptations; it applies irrespectively of whether they are 
adaptations. The test detects the role of natural selection. "Just-so" adaptive 
stories have no place in this test because the specific adaptive hypotheses that 
they propose are not at issue. What matters is whether the items in question have 
so much activity that we have strong evidence they are targets of natural 
selection. The adaptive presupposition is accepted skeptically and only if 
demanded by the empirical evolutionary activity evidence.

Red herrings

The debate about adaptationism includes a number of red herrings. One virtue of 
the evolutionary activity test for adaptations is that it neatly ignores these 
distractions. For example, much of the literature on adaptationism is preoccupied 
with whether traits are "optimal" for performing their function and whether 
optimality models support adaptationism.  Other worries about adaptationism 
stem from its apparent commitment to "progress" or foreordained and 
unvarying goals. But it should be obvious that the evolutionary activity method 
makes no commitment to progress or foreordained goals, and it is agnostic about 
optimality.

The reverse engineering task of rating alternative designs as better or worse is 
another red herring. Dennett instructs adaptationists to "look at designs the way 
engineers do and rate them as better or worse, on a certain set of assumptions 
about conditions and needs or purposes" (1983, p. 352). It is often unclear, 
though, what the relevant conditions and needs or purposes are. Consider 
Packard's Bugs model, for example, which is about as simple as evolutionary 
systems get. It might seem that we have full knowledge of the conditions and 
needs of the agents in Packard's model. It certainly is true that studying the 
computer code will give us complete knowledge of the micro-level details that 
drive the model. But we might still be ignorant of important emergent properties 
in the agents' lives. 

For example, we know that cyclic chains of sensory-motor rules are crucial for 
survival on the little 3x3 blocks, and we know that continual reproduction on the 
blocks will inevitably lead to some collisions in which agents get bumped out of 
the sites in their current cycle. We also know that this problem can be solved 
with additional rules—what I call "drains"—that jump from sites outside the 
cycle to sites inside the cycle, thus "draining" agents back into the cycle. But 
without further investigation we don't know whether being bumped out of a 
cycle is a significant condition in the agents' lives, so we don't know whether 
drains are important to survival. My point here is that the method of collecting 
evolutionary activity information avoids all these complications, for this method 
does not rely on reverse engineering.

Gould and Lewontin complain that adaptationism sometimes conflates an item's 
current utility with its reason for origin. This is a problem for those who do not 
count exaptations as adaptations. Exaptations are traits that now perform a 
function that is not connected with the reason they originated (recall above). 
Period-lengthening adaptations in Packard's Bugs model furnish us with a 
simple example of an exaptation. Assume that the population is following a 2-
cycle with one drain. That is, it has the following three rules:

(a) If you are in the top right corner of a block, go down two steps.
(b) If you are in the bottom right corner of a block, go up two steps.
(c) If you are in the center of a block, go up and to the right on the 
diagonal one step.

Rules (a) and (b) form a 2-cycle, jumping back and forth between the top and 
bottom right corners. Rule (c) is a drain that captures any agent that gets bumped 
into the center site and puts it back into the cycle at the top right corner of the 
block. Let's assume that the drain (c) is used as a drain frequently enough that 
that natural selection preserves it for this draining function. Now, a mutation 
from rule (b) to rule (b') will create a 3-cycle:

(b') If you are in the bottom right corner of a block, go up and to the left 
on the diagonal one step.

This 3-cycle could well sweep through the population as a period-lengthening 
adaptation, like the examples we saw above. If this happens, notice that the 
function of rule (c) will change from a more or less irrelevant drain to a crucial 
component of the 3-cycle. Lengthening the cycle period has a huge adaptive 
benefit, so rule (c)'s new function of contributing to the 3-cycle will explain why 
the trait persists through natural selection. Since rule (c)'s current function is not 
the reason it arose, it is an exaptation. This change in function will show up as a 
change in its activity wave for rule (c). As a drain its slope was relatively low, but 
as part of the 3-cycle its slope will be 1/3.  

I mentioned above that I stand with those who classify exaptations among the 
adaptations, and the activity wave of the exaptation rule (c) explains why. Rule 
(c) is maintained by natural selection for its crucial rule in the 3-cycle. It persists 
in the face of mutation pressure as long as it is better than the extant alternatives. 
So selection for the rule's adaptive function preserves it, which by definition 
makes it an adaptation. Its activity wave rises at a rate significantly above what 
you would expect without selection. This shows that the activity test 
distinguishes current utility from historical origin, and it focuses on a trait's 
continual activity in the population, just as adaptationism requires.


Random genetic drift and neutral evolution

Adaptive explanations are not the only way to account for persistent items in an 
evolving system. The persistence could be due to genetic drift, architectural 
constraint, or genetic connections among traits. Gould and Lewontin emphasized 
that alternatives to adaptive explanations receive only lip service. The activity 
test alleviates this problem.

Random genetic drift can supplant natural selection in the explanation of certain 
traits. Genetic drift has been emphasized by the theory of neutral molecular 
evolution. This theory holds that most of the genetic change at the molecular 
level is due to chance  or random selection among items that are selectively 
neutral or nearly neutral. Motoo Kimura, the key architect of this theory, 
provides this summary (Kimura 1983, p. xi):

The neutral theory asserts that the great majority of evolutionary 
changes at the molecular level, as revealed by comparative studies 
of protein and DNA sequences, are caused not by Darwinian 
selection but by random drift of selectively neutral or nearly 
neutral mutants. The theory does not deny the role of natural 
selection in determining the course of adaptive evolution, but it 
assumes that only a minute fraction of DNA changes in evolution 
are adaptive in nature, while the great majority of phenotypically 
silent molecular substitutions exert no significant influence on 
survival and reproduction and drift randomly through the species.

A classic example of neutral evolution is the different extant alleles for 
hemoglobin (Kimura 1983, §3.1). Obviously, an allele that prevented the normal 
functioning of hemoglobin would almost certainly be quite deleterious and it 
would be removed by natural selection. On the other hand, alleles that produced 
different but functionally equivalent hemoglobin would be selectively neutral, 
and natural selection would see no difference between them. So if one such allele 
replaced another, this would reflect only random genetic drift between them, not 
natural selection.

Drift affects both whole genotypes and individual genes. We saw examples of 
drift among genotypes in the Evita system. Figure fig-mu=2.blowup shows 
random genetic drift among a cloud of neutral variant genotypes, differing by 
mutations at an unexpressed locus. Similarly, the wiggly waves making up the 
bulk of Figure fig-mu=10 are caused by drift among selectively-neutral 
genotypes. In Packard's Bugs the genes that control motion in the desert are 
largely unused so they tend to evolve by drift. There is also some drift among 
different cycle drains from the same site. These drifting genes produce little 
waves along the bottom of activity wave diagrams. Luck has a hand in 
determining who survives, who dies, who reproduces, and these accidents affect 
the course of evolution. Drift occurs in virtually all evolving systems, with a 
force inversely related to population size. It is easy to understand how the 
accidents have a larger effect in smaller populations.

I should emphasize how evolution in activity neutral models differs from the 
random genetic drift of neutral evolution. In an activity neutral model, no item 
has any adaptive value, and selection chooses among them entirely at random. 
So any evolution among the items is due to pure drift. By contrast, neutral 
evolution involves a mixture of drift and selection. In genetic drift among 
selectively neutral alleles, the alleles typically have an adaptive function (recall 
the hemoglobin example). The vast majority of mutations are lethal or harmful, 
but the selectively equivalent alleles of neutral evolution typically are beneficial. 
They all perform some adaptive function equally well and so are selectively 
equivalent among themselves, but they are not selectively equivalent to the full 
range of mutations against which they compete. They have a selective advantage 
over all their deleterious competitors. 

A hypothetical scenario can dramatize the point. Drift among selective 
equivalents involves a population split into two classes: (A) selectively 
equivalent adaptive alleles, and (B) maladaptive alleles. Class A alleles have a 
distinct adaptive advantage over class B alleles. When a class A allele is selected 
during neutral evolution, there are two questions to ask. One is: Why was this 
class A allele selected rather than some other class A allele? The answer to this 
question is chance; random selection is the process at work here. A second 
question is: Why was a class A allele selected rather than some class B allele? The 
answer to this question is the adaptive advantage of class A alleles over class B 
alleles. Natural selection explains why the allele was from class A rather than 
class B. In this way, neutral evolution of selective equivalents involves both drift 
and selection. On the other hand, pure drift in activity neutral models makes it 
impossible to divide the alleles in the population into selectively better and 
worse classes. All alleles in the neutral model are selectively equivalent, because 
all selection is random.

So, we have two questions about random genetic drift: one for pure drift and one 
for drift mixed with selection. It is easy to see that the activity test automatically 
gives pure drift its due. The neutral models are constructed in such a way that 
drift has completely free reign. All aspects of selection are random, so survival, 
death, and reproduction events are all due solely to chance rather than positive 
or negative adaptive fit. The neutral model is a constructive measure of pure 
drift in the target system. If the activity of items in the observed system is not 
significantly greater than the activity seen in the neutral model, then we should 
question whether the items are adaptations. In this way, the activity method 
carefully separates pure drift explanations from adaptive explanations.

Mixed drift and selection among selectively equivalent but adaptive items also 
presents no problem for the activity method, but for a different reason. 
Identifying adaptations is the activity method's aim. One might worry that 
significant waves caused by neutral variants are merely the effect of random 
selection, and so are not new adaptations. But significant activity waves are 
adaptations, even the waves of neutral variants. The neutral variants are 
persisting in the system rather than being supplanted by competitors because of 
their selective advantage. We saw above that neutral evolution is a mixture of 
natural selection and random drift. Natural selection explains presence of the 
neutral variants rather than their maladaptive competitors, so the neutral 
variants are adaptations. 

Recall our discussion above of the type/token distinction between kinds of 
adaptations and instances of adaptations. A new neutral variant is not a new 
kind of adaptation but a new instance of an extant kind of adaptation. What kind 
of activity waves we observe depends on what kind of activity data we collect. If 
we collect activity data for instances (tokens) of genotypes, for example, then 
new neutral variant instances will generate new activity waves. Each new wave 
will correspond to a new example of the items under investigation: instances of 
genotypes. On the other hand, if we collect activity data for the phenotypic 
equivalence class which lumps together all the neutral variants, then the activity 
for all the different neutral variant instances will contribute to one and the same 
activity wave. The creation of a new neutral variant instances will simply 
increase the activity of that wave. A significant new wave will signal a new kind 
of phenotypic adaptation.

Neutral evolution might prompt one remaining worry about the activity test. 
While new waves for new neutral variants may be new examples of adaptations, 
these new adaptations are not better than previous dominant adaptations; they 
are selectively neutral and leave the adaptive status quo unchanged. If one 
thought that new adaptations must be improvements in adaptive design, then 
new neutral variants would not be adaptations. But it is a mistake to think that 
new adaptations must better prior adaptations. An item is an adaptation if its 
persistence is explained by natural selection for some adaptive benefit it 
provides. Natural selection can preserve an item because of its adaptive value 
even if it is no better than some of its predecessors. To be an adaptation an item 
need not improve on all its competitors, as long as it improves on some and 
flourishes because of this. In neutral evolution, neutral variants flourish because 
they improve on the transient maladaptive variants produced by genetic 
operators like mutation. It might be worth reiterating here that activity 
information is not intended to reflect how good an adaptation is when compared 
with other possible or actual adaptations. Instead, it is intended to reflect 
whether the item is an adaptation or not. So, although the presence of significant 
activity waves does not distinguish between neutral evolution and non-neutral 
evolution, that is because both involve the creation of adaptations. 


Architectural constraints and hitchhikers

Architectural constraints create evolutionary necessities, items present not 
because of their adaptive value but because the system's architecture makes 
alternatives impossible. This issue applies to individual genes and other features 
of whole organisms, but not to whole genotypes. Architectural constraints in 
Packard's Bugs model include the number of genes in an agent and the set of 
possible agent behaviors (a jump between one and fifteen sites in one of the eight 
compass directions). It would be a mistake to think that it is a nifty adaptation 
for agents to have one gene per possible sensory state or to move in the eight 
compass directions. These features are fixed by the system's architecture, so no 
adaptive explanation should be sought for them.

The activity method handles architectural necessities just as it handles pure drift: 
neutral models screen them off. For example, if we wondered whether the 
number of Bug genes was an adaptation, we could collect activity data about it in 
both the Bugs and in a neutral model that shadowed the Bugs architecturally but 
was driven only by random selection. When we compared the activity data from 
the two systems, we would see the same patterns, thus establishing that the 
number of genes is an architectural constraint rather than an adaptation.

A non-adaptive or even maladaptive trait sometimes persists in an evolving 
system because it is genetically connected with an adaptive trait. If the benefit of 
the adaptive trait outweighs the cost of the maladaptive trait, selection for the 
adaptive trait can preserve the maladaptive trait connected with it, causing 
selection of the maladaptive trait but not selection for it. The challenge for tests 
for adaptations is to identify the adaptations among all the traits that are 
selected. One example of the problem is pleiotropy, in which a gene or gene 
cluster has more than one phenotypic consequence. A special case of pleiotropy 
is generative entrenchment (Wimsatt 1986), in which genes are connected in a 
developmental sequence and so the consequences of genetic modifications 
cascade developmentally downstream. The general mechanism behind these 
problems is genetic hitchhiking, in which traits are physically connected in 
genetic material (for example, by being nearby on a chromosome). In this case, 
selection for one trait can select everything else in the connected genetic material, 
allowing a maladaptive trait to "hitchhike" along with the adaptation.

The Bugs model provides a simple example of hitchhiking. Assume that a 
period-lengthening mutation sweeps through the population, and assume that 
the agent with the mutation also has a "desert drain"—a sensory-motor rule 
from a site outside the cycle to the resource desert. The desert drain is 
maladaptive, since it drains agents off of the resource block. But in Packard's 
Bugs all genes are on the same "chromosome". So when agents reproduce, unless 
there is a mutation at the desert drain gene, it will hitchhike along with the 
period-lengthening mutation and spread through the population. 

Hitchhikers in Bugs agents are rarely expressed. If the hitchhiker were adaptive, 
then it would provide a benefit if expressed and this benefit would contribute to 
its persistence in the system, and it would be an adaptation rather than a 
hitchhiker. Survival is hard enough that any movement that is not helpful is 
harmful. Furthermore, maladaptive genes are typically lethal, so expressing a 
maladaptive hitchhiker typically kills the agent, thus removing that hitchhiker 
from the system. So if we increment a gene's activity only when it is expressed, 
as we have in the Bugs activity wave diagrams, hitchhikers will make a 
negligible contribution to activity data. They will never appear in significant 
activity waves. The adaptationist program can ignore unexpressed hitchhikers 
because the question whether a trait is an adaptation arises only for expressed 
traits. So when the activity method is applied to Packard's Bugs, hitchhikers 
present no problem.

Hitchhikers can present a problem in other systems, though, problems that the 
activity method does not completely solve. A nonlethal hitchhiker can 
accumulate significantly more activity than found in a neutral model if hitches a 
ride on a sufficiently adaptive trait. In this case, the activity of the two traits will 
exceed that of the neutral model.  So, the mere fact that a given trait has 
significant excess activity is no proof that that trait is an adaptation. However, 
this is positive evidence that either it or some connected trait is an adaptation. A 
cluster of connected traits with significant excess activity is a sure sign of natural 
selection and adaptations, even though some of the traits might be hitchhiking. 
Additional information is needed to distinguish the adaptations from the 
hitchhikers. So, in the presence of pleiotropy, generative entrenchment, or 
hitchhiking, the activity method shows when adaptive explanations are needed 
though it might not identify their subject exactly.


The novelty of the evolutionary activity test

My solution to problem for adaptationism allows adaptive presuppositions to be 
adjudicated by the normal procedures of empirical science. Some other responses 
to Gould and Lewontin similarly construe adaptationism as a contingent thesis 
to be settled by normal empirical biology (e.g., Brandon 1990, West-Eberhard 
1992, Sober 1993, Orzack and Sober 1994, and Sterelny and Griffiths 1999). But 
the evolutionary activity test offers something more than those other responses, 
because all those other responses are variants of the canonical response (see 
above). Only the activity test abandons that line. We can see this point nicely if 
we consider Sober's version of the canonical response. 

The essence of Sober's response is this. To determine whether natural selection 
explains some trait in some system, you propose a specific hypothesis about the 
trait's adaptive function and then see whether this hypothesis makes empirical 
predictions that are hold true for the system in question. Developing the 
hypothesis involves making a simplified model of the factors at work in the 
system, including such things as the genetic structure of the system and the 
strength of genetic drift. Consider a simple example concerning the size 
differences between the sexes (Sober 1993). In many species males are larger than 
females on average. One hypothesis to explain this is that large relative male size 
is an adaptation due to sexual selection—larger males tend to win mates. This 
simple model predicts that relative male size will be proportional to the sex ratio 
of breeding groups (number of females per male): Males and females should 
have roughly equal size in monogamous groups, and in polygamous groups 
male size should increase with the sex ratio. When Clutton-Brock and Harvey 
(1977) tested this model in a number of primate groups, they found that the sex 
ratio of breeding groups correlated with the degree to which males were larger 
than females. Although the model does not explain why and how the data are 
scattered above and below the best-fitting regression line, the general trend 
predicted by the model is borne out by the data.

The crucial difference between Sober's method and the evolutionary activity 
method is that Sober tests a specific adaptive hypothesis. He constructs a model 
of the selective forces influencing the specific adaptation, and then checks the 
predictions of that model. Because Sober is testing a specific model, if the 
empirical data fail to support that model, he is free to consider and test different 
models. Failure of some specific adaptive hypotheses does not show that a trait 
in not an adaptation. So Sober's method can confirm that a trait is an adaptation 
by confirming a specific adaptive hypothesis, but it cannot disconfirm all 
possible specific adaptive hypotheses, so it cannot disconfirm any general 
adaptive hypotheses. By contrast, the evolutionary activity method directly tests 
general adaptive explanation hypotheses. Failure to pass the activity test cuts off 
any further search for an adaptive explanation. So the evolutionary activity 
method answers the question whether the trait is an adaptation, and it does this 
without making any assumptions about specific adaptive functions.

Sober implies that a general adaptive claim that there exists an adaptive 
explanation is not falsifiable for it is an existence claim and "existence claims are 
not falsifiable in Popper's sense" (1993, pp. 129).  Sober's argument is that you 
can confirm that a trait has an adaptive explanation by providing and 
corroborating one such explanation, but to falsify the claim involves examining 
and rejecting all possible adaptive explanations, and this in general is impossible. 
However, the evolutionary activity method does test exactly what Sober says is 
impossible to test: whether some item deserves an adaptive explanation. The 
claim that a trait has an adaptive explanation makes a presupposition—that the 
trait is an adaptation—and it is this presupposition that the evolutionary activity 
method tests. So, the evolutionary activity method can falsify the existence claim 
about adaptive explanations by falsifying the presupposition of all such 
explanations.

It is important here to ward off a potential misunderstanding about models. 
Sober's method essentially involves modeling a target system and testing 
whether the model accurately predicts the target's behavior. Since the model 
depends on various assumptions about specific adaptive function, the strength of 
selection, etc., those assumptions can be revised if the model's predictions do not 
describe the target system. In other words, the method is testing the adequacy of 
a particular representation of the target system.  The evolutionary activity 
method does not test a representation of the system; instead, it gathers activity 
information from the target system and analyzes it. I used the artificial 
evolutionary models Evita and the Bugs to develop and explain the activity 
method. But those models are not representations ("models") of some natural 
system. Rather, they are artificially constructed targets that are investigated in 
their own right. Our concern is whether those systems themselves exhibited 
adaptive evolution, not whether they adequately represent adaptive evolution in 
some other system.

So, the evolutionary activity test's response to the problem of adaptationism is 
fundamentally different from Sober's response. The two responses are 
complementary; they just address different questions. The evolutionary activity 
response addresses the presupposition of the question that Sober addresses. The 
same general point applies to other proposals for how to empirically test 
adaptationism (e.g., Brandon 1990, West-Eberhard 1992, Sterelny and Griffiths 
1999), such as checking for correlation between aspects of traits and aspects of 
the environment, checking the effects on environmental efficiency of altering 
traits, and comparing the environmental success of naturally occurring variants 
with respect to traits. These methods can all shed valuable light on whether a 
trait is an adaptation, but they do so by exploring specific adaptive hypotheses. 
The evolutionary activity method can be applied whether or not one knows 
about specific  adaptive functions. These other methods complement the 
evolutionary activity method, which is prior and more fundamental. 


Conclusion
	The evolutionary activity test directly addresses the fundamental problem 
of adaptationism raised by Gould and Lewontin. It provides a new empirical 
method for determining when adaptive presuppositions are true, i.e., a new way 
to tell when it is appropriate to seek an adaptive explanation, or in other words, a 
new empirical test for general adaptive hypotheses. 
	My new response to Gould and Lewontin contrasts with the canonical 
response. It refutes rather than concedes the fundamental challenge to the 
testability of general adaptive hypotheses, and it makes the question whether 
something is an adaptation objective and empirical rather than conceptual and 
methodological. It does not require or encourage us to treat adaptive 
presuppositions as if they were true. Indeed, sometimes they are false, and the 
activity data show this. When activity data justify taking the adaptive stance, the 
stance is adopted critically and on the basis of empirical evidence against 
nonadaptive alternatives. 
	The canonical response defends the status quo in evolutionary biology, 
urging that adaptationist explanations today (with some exceptions) are largely 
adequate and legitimate. The evolutionary activity test departs from the status 
quo, proposing a way to collect a new kind of empirical evidence about whether 
adaptive explanations are in the offing. This provides a fundamentally new tool 
with which adaptationists can defend the practice of seeking adaptive 
explanations. Of course, anti-adaptationists can also use the same tool to show 
that adaptive explanations are not in the offing. Applying the evolutionary 
activity test makes no presupposition about whether the traits in question are 
adaptations; instead, that is precisely what is being tested.
	Gould and Lewontin said that they "would not object so strenuously to 
the adaptationist programme if its invocation, in any particular case, could lead 
in principle to its refutation for want of evidence" (1979, pp. 258f). The 
evolutionary activity method provides just the sort of tool Gould and Lewontin 
sought.  Analysis of evolutionary activity data allows us to pursue the 
adaptationist program critically and constructively.


NOTES (chapter 4)
 Some (e.g., Gould and Lewontin, Williams 1966) have suggested that a trait could be 
selected for without being an adaptation, but I find Sober (1984) refutation of this suggestion 
convincing.
  Natural selection must be distinguished from so-called "sexual" selection—the process 
by which a trait is selected for its attractiveness to mates. I side with those who classify sexual 
selection as a kind of natural selection. So, for me, a product of sexual selection, such as the 
peacock's extravagant tail, is an adaptation, even though it is may be detrimental to survival, 
because it increases reproductive success. For more on the controversy about sexual selection, see 
Cronin (1992) and Spencer and Masters (1992). 
  We should not assume that what we ordinarily think of as traits are really traits; this 
might be an open question.
  Strictly speaking, the word "adaptive" is used where some other word like 
"adaptationist" should be used. For example, adaptive explanations decidedly do not explain 
why something is merely adaptive; they explain how it is an adaptation. Similarly, adaptive 
evolution is the creation of adaptations, not merely adaptive items. I will usually follow common 
usage, however, rather than try to enforce strictly correct but unfamiliar terminology. 
  Peter Godfrey-Smith (2001) first distinguished these theses. I've given some of them 
new names.
  Another kind of alternative explanation follows from the extraneous accidents of 
reproduction and survival that can cause random fluctuations in traits, especially in smaller 
populations. When these fluctuations cause traits to randomly drift to fixation or extinction, the 
trait's presence or absence is not an adaptation but a product of random genetic drift. Allometry 
and genetic drift are just two of the possible alternative kinds of explanations: Gould and 
Lewontin also mention developmental constraints, genetic linkage, epistasis, and pleiotropy.
  Dawkins and Dennett are just two illustrations of the canonical response to Gould's and 
Lewontin's fundamental complaint against the adaptationist program; there are many others. 
Ernst Mayr thinks that evolutionary change is the result of two causal mechanisms: chance and 
selection. Mayr thinks that, while particular adaptive hypotheses can be falsified, one can never 
directly prove that chance explains some biological phenomenon or process. Instead, one can 
show the hand of chance only indirectly and "tentatively" (Mayr 1983, p. 151), by ruling out all 
adaptive explanations that have been considered so far. As Kitcher puts it, Mayr thinks that 
selection "is the only game in town" (1985, p. 233). But if it is impossible to test whether chance 
explains some trait, then it is impossible to settle whether the trait is an adaptation. Thus, the 
fundamental presupposition of adaptive explanations cannot be tested, so Mayr in effect accepts 
Gould and Lewontin's fundamental criticism. But Mayr considers this to be normal scientific 
practice: "the strategy to try another hypothesis when the first fails is a traditional methodology 
in all branches of science" (1983, p. 151). 
Alexander Rosenberg (1985) emphasizes that the theory of natural selection is an 
extremal theory, like Newtonian mechanics or quantum mechanics, in that it treats the objects in 
its domain as behaving in such a way as to maximize or minimize the values of certain variables. 

In the theory of natural selection, the [extremal] strategy is exemplified in the assumption 
that the environment acts so as to maximize the rate of proportional increase of the fittest 
hereditarily-similar subset of a species. This strategy is crucial to the success of these 
theories because of the way it directs and shapes the research and applications that are 
motivated by the theories. Thus, we hold that a system always acts to maximize the value 
of some mechanical variable. If our measurements of the value of that variable in a 
experimental or observational setting diverge from the predictions of the theory and the 
initial conditions, we never infer that the system is failing to maximize the value of the 
variable in question. Rather, we assume that our specification of the constraints under 
which it is actually operating is incomplete. (p. 238) 

Rosenberg thinks that the extremal character of the theory of natural selection explains and 
redeems those features of adaptationism that Gould and Lewontin find objectionable. 

… Gould and Lewontin's criticism of the adaptationalist program reflects real and 
unavoidable features of the theory that animates it: The refutation of one adaptationalist 
"story" does result in the provision of another; the failure to find any is considered a 
scientist's failure, not a theoretical falsification…. There is nothing methodologically 
wrong with constructing a new adaptationalist explanation of a given "form, function, or 
behavior" when an older one has been rejected; indeed, the theory of natural selection 
requires it by virtue of its extremal character. (p. 240)

Rosenberg's response exactly fits the canon: He concedes that adaptive presuppositions are not 
tested but explains this away as normal scientific practice.
Note that Mayr's and Rosenberg's positions have the characteristic drawback of the 
canonical response: They do not solve the problem of adaptationism, for neither explains how we 
can determine when natural selection should be invoked. For example, the extremal character of 
the theory of natural selection does nothing to indicate when it is appropriate to deploy that 
theory.
  See Bedau and Packard 1992, Bedau 1995, Bedau 1996a, Bedau and Brown 1997, Bedau, 
Snyder, Brown, and Packard 1997, Bedau, Snyder, and Packard 1998, Bedau, Joshi, and Lilly 1999, 
Rechtsteiner and Bedau 1999a,b.
  John Beatty investigated the use of random drift models in the adaptationism debate, 
and he concluded that the case for viewing drift as a null hypothesis for natural selection "is, at 
best, very messy" (1987, p. 54). But he admits that predictions based on drift hypotheses can be 
standard null hypotheses. For example, the hypothesis that the evolution of some item in some 
system is primarily a matter of random drift would predict a certain probability distribution of 
activity data—exactly the distribution produced by a neutral model. The null hypothesis is that 
the activity observed in the target system will be taken from the same distribution. So, Beatty's 
skepticism about drift hypotheses does not undermine the activity test's use of pure drift models.
  Lewontin should support the evolutionary activity test, because he has pointed out 
(REF??) that observations of allele frequencies can show whether the trait encoded is the result of 
the process of selection. However, Lewontin does not work out the details of gathering data at 
different levels of analysis and screening it with neutral models, and using these data to analyze 
the dynamical details of how successive adaptations arise.
  This section is adapted from Bedau and Brown (1999), where further details can be 
found.
  Evita, created by C.Titus Brown, is a simplified version of Tierra (Ray 1992) and its 
derivative Avida (Adami and Brown 1994).
  The probability that a given program suffers a mutation somewhere is proportional to 
its length. While the probability that a given program is mutated is independent of the size of the 
population of programs, the probability that a mutation occurs somewhere in the population is 
obviously proportional to the population size. Typically, mutation rates are specified in terms of 
10-5 mutations per time step: that is, a mutation rate of m would mean that a given codon would 
mutate on average once every 105/m time steps.  This means, for example, that in a run with 1600 
creatures with an average length of 30 instructions, a mutation rate of 1 would cause one 
mutation somewhere in the population approximately every other time step.
  Shorter programs are more resistant to mutations (recall above), so a program's length 
influences its copy fidelity and, thus, its representation in future generations. Thus, reproduction 
rate is not a perfect measure of evolutionary success.  Nevertheless, at the mutation rates used 
here, evolutionary success overwhelmingly reflects reproduction rate, so our definition of fitness 
is more than adequate for present purposes. When fitness values are displayed below, we define 
fitness as 30 times reproduction rate to prevent them from being inconveniently small. So, for 
example, a genotype that reproduces in 100 instructions has a reproduction rate of 0.01 and a 
fitness of 0.3.
  The grid size was 40 x 40, so when the grid filled up the population consisted of about 
1600 self-reproducing programs. I have pruned out irrelevant data about transitory genotypes by 
graphing only those genotypes that had at least five instances in the population at some time. 
This removes some of the "little hairs" created by nonadaptive noise.
  The other salient difference between the normal and neutral runs—that the ancestral 
genotype persists about four times longer in the neutral run—is due to the fact that, since the 
neutral ancestral genotype need never compete with better adapted genotypes, its initial 
numerical advantage as ancestor carries more weight.
  This difference between the normal and neutral activity data can be used to quantify 
the adaptive evolutionary activity in evolving systems. See below.
  Shortly before this the genotype 24bqf acquired a slight fitness advantage by partially 
unrolling the loop.
  The gist of this section can be gleaned from the figures.
  See Packard 1989, Bedau & Packard 1992, Bedau, Ronneburg & Zwick 1992, Bedau & 
Bahm 1994, Bedau 1994, Bedau & Seymour 1994, Bedau 1995, Bedau, Snyder, Brown & Packard 
1997.
  Actually, two different waves originate close together. Both waves contain activity for 
exactly the same genes (described in the text). This is a case of two independent originations of 
the same adaptation.
  The same problems can arise at other levels of analysis, such as genotypes. An 
analogous problem arises when there is a succession of "new" alleles that are neutral variants. 
This issue is discussed  below. 
  It is probably easier to gather evolutionary activity information about evolution in non-
biological natural systems. A wealth of information about cultural and technological evolution is 
reflected in patent records, financial transaction data, newspaper stories, and the like. Such data 
are increasingly available in electronic form, making it relatively easy to apply an evolutionary 
activity analysis.
  Evolution in real-world cultural and technological systems is a promising target for this 
method, since it is relatively easy to get the relevant data.
  See, e.g., the papers in Dupré (19XX).
  Note that the examples of wave slope changes at period-lengthening events  which we 
saw above are another kind of exaptation. A rule that had a function as part of an N-cycle now 
has a function as part of an N+1-cycle. The same holds for rule (a) in the present example.
  There are various ways in which activity information does discriminate between 
neutral and non-neutral evolution. We saw above that activity waves in neutral evolution have a 
characteristic qualitative signature in systems like Evita. The random fluctuations in the 
concentration of a genotype drifting among neutral variants causes a characteristic wiggly wave 
form, which is quite different from the characteristic sigmoidal form of non-neutral adaptations. 
Quantitative analysis of activity data can also discriminate between neutral evolution and non-
neutral evolution. A system with a lot of neutral variants will have heightened intensity of 
activity but lessened extent of activity, in comparison with a similar system that lacks neutral 
variants, although the sum of intensity and extent of activity in these systems will be the same.
  Although Sober focuses on panadaptionism and a variety of weaker theses, his 
approach naturally generalizes to a defense of adaptationism.
  Sober (1993, Orzack and Sober 1994) point out that if you confirm enough specific 
adaptive hypotheses about individual traits, then you can build up evidence for 
panadaptationism (and thus for adaptationism). But the process of gathering the requisite 
evidence would be extremely time consuming, requiring the entire careers of many biologists.
  Of course, the activity method does use neutral models to filter the activity information 
from target systems. Making a neutral model of a target system requires making various 
assumptions about the target system, for the neutral model must be just like the target except that 
it has random selection where the target might have natural selection. But once an appropriate 
neutral model has been constructed, the modelling process is over. The activity method uses the 
same neutral model to analyze many evolutionary histories in a given target system. This neutral 
model cannot be revised in response to a failed test of the adaptive presupposition.
  For helpful comments or discussion, thanks to Peter Godfrey-Smith, Tom Ryckman, 
Chris Stephens, Phil Anderson, as well as audiences at the University of Oklahoma, the 
University of Washington, Washington University, the Center for Humanities at Oregon State 
University, the Center for Cognitive Studies at Tufts University, the Santa Fe Institute, the first 
Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference, the fourth European Conference on Artificial 
Life, and Artificial Life VI.
M. A. Bedau, printed 9/8/09, page 40

